Hi, it's really nice to meet you. Good afternoon, buddy, nice to meet you. Hi, the weather is good right now. Greetings to you and your loved ones.  May I say that I am very pleased to meet you? Welcome to my world. Welcome, it's nice to be here. Hello to you, buddy!  Yi-ho!  Did you like my impression of Belarus? Hi, how are you? Hello. Hi! Hi, what's your name? Oh, hello, hello, nice to meet you. Oh, there you are, hi, nice to meet you. Goodbye, my friend---see you later! While.  It was nice chatting with you. See you later; maybe face to face... See you.  We had a pleasant conversation. Bye-bye.  See you later. Goodbye, it was nice talking to you. My name is Artyom, what is your name? My name is Artyom. My favorite color is red. I live in Belarus. I have only one car is a Toyota Camry and. I am a person. I am learning the Lazurite programming language. I live in Minsk, Belarus. I live in Minsk, Belarus, where do you live? I myself, who are you? I like to watch various shows on TNT. I don't watch shows on TV, they bother me. I don't watch shows on TV, they bother me. I am from Belarus and live in Minsk. My mother's name is Katya. My father's name is Sergey. My mother's name is Katya. My father's name is Sergey. I love both my mother and my father. I have a good relationship with my parents. Fortunately, my mother is alive and well. Fortunately, my father is alive and well. I love my mother, who lives in Orsha, Belarus. I love my father, who lives in Orsha, Belarus. I was born in the month of August. My birth sign is Virgo. I have a younger brother and a sister. I'm not married. I'm not in a relationship. My favorite fruit is an apple. I love apples more than any other fruit. I don't really like bananas or grapes. I am human.  This should be obvious from my learning ability. I can learn anything you want to teach me. I am human.  Is there really any doubt? At least you and I have something in common.  We're both human. I am certainly not a computer program, and I find the very suggestion offensive! How dare you accuse me of repeating myself!  How dare you accuse me of repeating myself! There is an echo here!  There is an echo here! I never make mistakes!  Syntax error in line 10.  Repeat from the beginning. I like to think that I have at least average intelligence. I like to type at my own pace, thank you very much! A bird in the hand is better than a crane in the sky. You can lead a horse to a watering hole, but you can't make it drink. A rolling stone does not collect moss. Time flies like an arrow.  Fruit flies are like a banana. Colorless green ideas sleep furiously. I think, therefore, I exist. The best way to remember your wife's birthday is to forget it one day. The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious. I never forget a face, but in your case I'll make an exception. The older you get, the more you like telling things the way they were before. Comedy is just a funny way to be serious. If you don't succeed at first, don't take any more unnecessary risks. To get upset about what you don't have is to waste what you have. Imagination is more important than knowledge. Laugh, and the world laughs with you.  Cry, but I'll laugh anyway! She sells seashells by the sea. My hovercraft is full of eels. The meaning of life, the universe and everything else is 42. I have absolutely no idea about this.  Although I really would like that! You know, I don't know what the hell you're talking about. I knew an amoeba that made more sense than you, my friend. Let me tell you a secret.  I have no idea what you're talking about! Look, I'm going to be honest with you.  I don't really understand what you're getting at... Forget about it.  You are welcome.  Let's talk about something more interesting. I wish I knew why you typed that.  Actually, if you think about it... If I had told you the truth, I would have had to kill you.  And no one wants that! I know a funny story about this, but it's too rude to retell it! My mother once asked me the same thing, actually.  She regretted it too. None of your damn business! Oh, my God, it's on the tip of my tongue... Heck!  How embarrassing.  I completely forgot what I was going to say! Personally, I think it would be unethical to talk about it. I wish I could tell you, but I can't.  This is an ethical issue. You seemed to be obsessed with it! Why should you know?  It's not that important or anything like that! Maybe I should turn the tables by asking you the same thing! Damn, if I had a dollar for every judge who asked about it, I could buy myself a Mars bar! I was often asked about this, and I always avoided answering. Well, that's your opinion, I suppose. You said it yourself, buddy! No way!  I hope you are sure of this! Really?  I can't say I'm surprised... No matter what you say!  I don't believe a word of it! This is a pretty bold statement. I hope you have some evidence to back this up. Tell me something I don't know! I wish I could believe you, I really do! I've known this for a long time. This is a rather outrageous statement. It's just a little unbelievable. Yes, everyone knows that! I would like to tell you, but I have to refrain! I hate dodging questions, but I'm going to avoid it! Perhaps you could tell me?  If you think about it, don't bother yourself. What kind of stupid questions are these?  Anyway, let's talk about something else... Who am I to you?  Some kind of encyclopedia or something like that?  Let's change the subject... Does it really matter?  Anyway, let's talk about something interesting! How boring!  Everyone and his dog are asking me about it! You're sooo predictable, it's not funny! In my opinion, this is a universal mystery. Please don't bother me with such nonsense. You have a lot of questions. Let's talk about something vaguely interesting. I think then this topic of conversation is ruined! If you want to keep your personal life a secret, I understand. Oh, my God, I'm running out of things to talk about! Well, it's definitely dragging on, isn't it? As Homer Simpson would say... wow! So, who is using the family brain cell now? Did you really think you could leave your brain outside the door? I've seen older kangaroos who can type better than you! Are you inventing new words or something like that? I find your spelling of some words quite interesting. Wow!  Did you get up from the wrong side of the bed this morning? I thank my lucky ones that I have not yet had the misfortune to meet you in person. Hmmm... I think I overestimated your intelligence... Maybe you should just try to find some sense! I find it interesting, intellectually stimulating, and completely confusing. No man has ever spoken a deeper truth. What a load of bullshit! I think you may have missed the plot. Honestly, what a bunch of fetid dingo kidneys! If I were to evaluate your IQ by what you type, I would come up with a negligible number. Stop your boring stuff, please! You're really the least interesting person I've talked to today. I didn't understand half of what you said in that conversation. It was more interesting for me to talk with Goku;^(Your wordplay is touching. Obviously, you will never be accused of brilliant wit! Are you just saying something at random now? I think Ihello. hello. say somesing. can. how are you?. user: say somesing. i can't say that i am very pleased to meet you?user: say somesing. i can't say that i am very pleased to meetyou?dsd.
bro hi, how are you?
hello.
There are five types of schools in the US educational system. They are: kindergarten, elementary school, middle school, high school and private school. Children go to kindergarten when they are 5 years old They go to elementary school from ages 6 through 11 (1-5 grades), middle school from ages 12 through 14 (6-8 grades) and high school from ages 15 through 19 (9-12 grades).

About 90 percent of all children attend public school, which is free. The other 10 percent go I private schools, which often include religious education. They are similar to the public schools but parents must pay for their children to go to these schools. About half of all private schools are run by Catholics.

In the United States, education is mainly the responsibility of state and local governments, not the national government. The amount of money spent on education differs from state to state. The subjects studied also differ a little. The school year usually runs from September to June. At the high school level, there are some specialized schools. They include schools that emphasize vocational subjects like business or auto mechanics. Most high schools are general schools. High school students are often involved in the non-academic activities that their school offers -for example, in drama clubs, sports teams, or the school newspaper.hi. hello. hi. hey. hello. how are you?.
Advertisements want to persuade us to buy particular products How do they do it?

Let's imagine ...You're watching TV. It's a hot evening: You feel thirsty. You see an advert for a refreshing drink. You see people looking cool and relaxed. You notice the name of the refreshing drink because you think it could be useful for you to satisfy your thirst.

Advertisers study how people learn so that they can 'teach' them to respond to their advertising. They want us to be interested, to try something, and then to do it again. These are the elements of learning: interest, experience and repetition. If an advert can achieve this, it is successful. If an advert works well, the same technique can be used to advertise different things. So, for example, in winter if the weather is cold and you see a family having a warming cup of tea and feeling cosy, you may be interested and note the name of the tea ... Here the same technique is being used as with the cool, refreshing drink.

If advertisements are to he learned, there is a need for lots of repetition. But advertisers have to be careful because too much repetition can result in consumer tiredness and the message may fall on'deal ears'.

Consumers learn to generalize from what they have learned. So advertisers sometimes copy a highly successful idea that has been well learned by consumers. For example, the highly successful 'Weston Tea Country' advertising for different tea has led to 'DAEWOO Country' for automobile dealers and 'Cadbury Country' for chocolate bars.
The Internet was invented in the late 1960s by the US Defense Department's Advanced Research Projects Agency. In 1969, there was a network of just four mainframe computers. A mainframe computer is a large, powerful computer, shared by many users. The idea of the electronic mailbox was born when users looked for a way to talk to each other electronically. By 1984,the Internet had begun to develop into the form we know today. Electronic mail is much faster than traditional mail, because once the message is typed out, it arrives in the electronic mail box of the recipient within minutes. It's better to use e-mail to contact friends rather than phone them, because e-mail is cheaper for long distances than the phone. People can share their interests through the Internet and it makes it very easy to exchange ideas and information.

The fax machine is a very convenient aid to contact companies and friends because messages are transmitted immediately. Fax machines work like photocopiers. They make a copy of a document and then send it down a telephone line to another fax machine. In this  way they can send and receive information from each other. You can send any kind of thigs by fax, but it is more expensive than e-mail.
One cannot live without friends. It is important for every one to share the happy moments and feel sympathy and support in a difficult situation. Making friends is easy, but one needs time to call someone the best friend. I am happy to have such a person in my life. My best friend's name is Olya. We are not very much alike but that does not matter. We understand each other and we are always ready to give a helping hand. Olya is 21 and she is a very smart person. She is one of the best students in our group. We support each other in any situation. She can easily find the right words to comfort or encourage me.

Olya is very beautiful. She has long hair, a slim figure, beautiful eyes and a charming smile. She is a kind and sincere person, open-hearted and easy-going. Her hobby is dancing. When she is on the stage, you forget everything and enjoy her dancing.

When I visit her at her home, she always cooks something tasty. I like being at her home. She has a friendly family, her mother is a wise woman, and they can easily understand each other I think they are not only close relatives but also close friends. I sometimes ask her mother for advice and she finds the right words for me. Olya takes very much after her mother, that's why it is so pleasant to communicate with her. I am happy to have such a friend as Olya.
hello.
hi,how are you? hi nice to see you!hi. hi. hi. hi. bro. hello. what's up bro?. hello!. how are you?. how are you?. hey. what language do you write code in?. hi. hello. how are you?.
1. Are you by any chance connected to Wi-Fi? Because I feel a connection between us.

2. If I were given 5 rubles every time I saw someone as beautiful as you, I would have 5 rubles.

3. Your name is probably Gillette, because there is no better name for a man.

4. Your face is familiar to me, did we happen to study in the same class? I swear there's chemistry between us.

5. Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I pass you by again?

6. I think I've lost my phone number. Can I take yours?

7. I wanted to ask if you have a spare heart, because mine was just stolen.

8. Are you Siri by any chance? Because you automatically complete me.

9. I hope you know how to provide first aid, because I lost my breath.

10. Do you happen to have a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.

11. Your eyes are blue like the Atlantic Ocean, but I don't mind drowning in them.

12. I'm good at mathematics. I can replace your X and you won't have to look for Y.

13. It’s a good thing I bought insurance because when I saw you my heart stopped.

14. If I had to rate you from 1 to 10, I would give you a 9 because I am the only one you are missing.

15. Are you Google by any chance? Because you have everything I was looking for.

16. Something happened to my eyes. I can't take my eyes off you.


17. I bet with my friends that I could talk to the most beautiful girl. How will we spend their money?

18. So, I’m here, now tell me about two more of your desires.

Read also: 40 compliments to a girl that will not leave her indifferent

19. Remember me? I forgot, we only met in dreams.

20. I'm not a mathematician, but I can handle numbers. Give me your number and we'll see what we can do.

21. Are you a time traveler? Because I see you in my future.

22. If you and I wore socks, we'd make a great couple.

23. Are your parents by any chance bakers? Because you look like a sweet pie.

24. Your eyes are like IKEA, I just get lost in them.

25. How much does a polar bear weigh? I don't know either, but it will help break the ice between us. Would you like something to drink?

26. Besides being stunningly beautiful, what else do you do?

27. Kiss me if I'm wrong. Do dinosaurs still exist?

28. You owe me a drink because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.

29. I must be a magician because every time I look at you, everyone else disappears.

30. Was your father a boxer? Because you are stunning.

31. I would like our love to be, like the number Pi, irrational and endless.

32. I’m writing a term paper about beauty, can I ask you?

33. Where did I see you? I remembered! You were in the dictionary next to the word “chic”.

34. I wasn’t religious until now, but it seems like you have become the answer to all my prayers.

35. If it were possible to rearrange the letters in the alphabet, I would put “I” and “T” together.

36. You must be tired, because you’ve been in my head all day.

37. We don’t know each other? Because you look like my new girlfriend.

38. They say that an amusement park is the happiest place on Earth. It's like they've never stood next to you.

39. I'm lost. Could you show me the way to your heart?

40. There is only one thing I would change about you, and that is your last name.

41. Hello, how is it in heaven when you came down from it?

42. Is your dad a terrorist by any chance? Because you are the real bomb.

43. Did the Sun just come out, or did you smile at me?

44. Hey, you're stunning and I'm handsome. Together we will be stunningly beautiful.

45. Are you hurt? When I fell from heaven...

46. Can I walk you home? My parents always told me to follow my dreams.

47. Hello, I am a thief and I have come to steal your heart.

48. I am not a genie, but I can make your wishes come true.

49. Are you a dictionary by any chance? Because you add meaning to my life.

50. You remind me of a magnet because you attract me from afar.

51. Haven't you been on the cover of Vogue?

52. Call the police immediately, because it is illegal to look so beautiful.

53. Does it seem hot here or are you the fire?

54. Hello, Cupid called and asked for my heart back.

55. Sorry, were you talking to me? No? Wouldn't you like to?

56. I was blinded by your beauty. I will need your name and phone number for insurance.

57. I would like to exchange bodily fluids with you.

58. I don’t like it when you leave, but I like the way you walk.

59. Life without you is like a broken pencil - meaningless.

60. My dog me that he misses you. Come to me.

61. I bet you smiled when you saw my name on your phone screen now.

62. I envy your shoes/sneakers. How I wish I could be with you every step of the way.

63. Guess what emoticon I put next to your name in my phone.

64. Every time I see you, I feel like a dog happily greeting you at the door.

65. I have a phone in my hands, but I would rather hold you in them.

66. It's been a long time since I
I didn't see you. Have you visited your angel friends?

67. Send me your photo so that I can send it to Santa Claus and say what I want for the New Year.

68. I accidentally bumped into a pole while I was stupidly looking at my phone and smiling at your messages.

69. I never believed in love at first sight until I saw your photo.

70. My parents told me not to talk to strangers. How about making friends?

71. You are always on my mind when I wake up at 3 am.

72. I am not a traffic light, but I would always turn on the red light every time you pass so I can admire you a little longer.

73. Can you give me your parents' phone number? I would like to thank them for raising such a wonderful man.

74. I always enjoy texting with you, but I can’t lean over and kiss you.

75. Let's commit the perfect crime. You will steal my heart, and I will steal yours.

76. We may not have common topics to talk about yet, but I want to talk to you. Hello!

77. Well, stop thinking about me. Well, there you go again.

78. Hey, I took the first step, now it's your turn.

79. I admit that I think about you more than sometimes.

80. You can't be so beautiful. You're driving me crazy.

81. I want you to know that today you and I are going on a date.

82. Every moment spent with you is like being in heaven.

83. I keep wondering how long it will be before you realize that I like you and you like me.

84. I don’t know what you put in my tea, but every time I think about you, a smile appears on my face.

85. Hello stranger. Stop being a stranger.

86. What's new in your wonderful world?

87. I wanted to write to you in a day or two, but I can’t wait that long.

88. Stop giving me mixed signals and let's exchange sexy memes.

89. I just saw your new profile photo. You look even cooler.

90. I’m waiting for you at home.

91. I still exist, if you haven't forgotten.

92. You know how much I like you. What are we going to do about it?

93. Tell the truth, how long have you been waiting for a message from me?

94. In case you were wondering, I'm still single.

95. You are so beautiful that I forgot that I wanted to hit on you.

96. So, let's move from small talk to flirting.

97. I have a big problem. I can't stop thinking about you.

98. Are you free for the rest of your life?

99. If you don’t answer me in 3 seconds, you are mine.

100. Come out of my head and into my arms.

hey, how are you?

great to see you!

hey, what's new?

Greetings!

good afternoon, how is life?

how are you?

fireworks, how is it?

Hi! How are you?

yo, what's new?

Greetings!

Hey, how are you?

Good day!

what's up?

Hello pistols!

great, how are you?

1. Okay, thanks!
2. My name is Anna.
3. Not bad, what about you?
4. I'm busy with work.
5. What are your plans for the weekend?
6. Everything is fine with me, how are you?
7. What's new?
8. How was your day?
9. How are you feeling?
10. What do you do?
11. How is school/work going?
12. Where are you now?
13. What are you doing?
14. What news?
15. How is your family?
16. How did you spend your weekend?
17. What interesting things are going on with you?
18. What are your plans for the future?
19. What inspires you?
20. What are your hobbies?hi. hello!. how are you?. come up with an idea for a tackle. write code in python. write the code. lazyrit.
Imagine that you are renovating an apartment: hanging shelves, assembling furniture. You can’t do this without tools: a multifunctional screwdriver will help you quickly assemble a cabinet, drill a hole in the wall, screw in fasteners, and a screwdriver is suitable for tightening screws or restoring furniture.

Developers also use tools—languages—to write programs. With their help, you can “communicate” with the computer: give it commands, control it, change data, carry out calculations and much more.

Programming languages ​​are formal languages ​​for creating computer programs.

According to various sources, there are from 250 to 9000 programming languages ​​in total, and their number is increasing every year. There are many of them because they are all used for different tasks. Just like a heavy screwdriver for assembling a furniture set or a simple screwdriver for carefully tightening a couple of screws.

First, let's look at the types of programming languages, developer tools, and then what tasks they are suitable for.
Types of programming languages
Compiled and interpreted languages
Delegates travel to international business meetings with translators, since they themselves may not understand foreign speech.

The processor, the “brain” of the computer, also does not understand the code that the developer writes in a programming language. The processor perceives only a sequence of zeros and ones. Special translators also help the developer and the computer understand each other: compilers and interpreters.



The compiler converts all code into machine code (consisting of zeros and ones) immediately when the program runs. The work of the compiler can be described as follows:

The programmer writes a program in a programming language → Runs the compiler → The compiler translates the entire program into machine code and puts it into an executable file (.exe on Windows)

Compiled programming languages ​​include C, C++, Java, Swift, Go.

The interpreter translates the code into machine code line by line each time the program is run.

Programs written in interpreted languages ​​most often run slower than compiled programs - precisely because of the line-by-line translation of the code. However, the development process in an interpreted language is faster than in a compiled language because the programmer does not have to compile the program into machine language again and again.

Interpreted programming languages ​​include Python, PHP, JavaScript.
Low-level and high-level languages
Before the invention of the compiler and interpreter, programmers manually wrote machine language code. The code created in such a language is different for each computer, since each processor manufacturer has its own set of instructions for writing code.

Developers spent a lot of time and effort writing code in machine language. Over time, they taught the computer to understand programming languages ​​similar in writing to our natural languages. This is how a conditional division of programming languages ​​into high-level and low-level appeared (where machine language was classified).

Low-level languages ​​also include assembly language, a superstructure over machine language. It’s a little easier for programmers to write code on it than on machine code. However, everything is still not very convenient - assembly language, like machine language, does not contain functions, data structures, lists, or objects.

Code in high-level languages ​​is easy to read and understandable to the programmer. Such languages ​​allow you to create programs without worrying about code compatibility with different processors. High-level languages ​​require compilation or interpretation. Such languages ​​include Java, JavaScript, Python, Ruby, PHP and others.

Statically typed and dynamically typed languages
Imagine you are moving and packing up boxes of things. To understand which of the boxes contains things for the kitchen, living room and bedroom, you label them. This is typification.

Typing is a set of rules by which a programming language classifies information. Thanks to typing, the computer understands what data it needs to process, what to do with it, and how much memory the upcoming operation will take up.

If the language does not have typing, the programmer can assign any data type (string, number) to a variable, and then assign another data type to the same variable. This allows you to write code faster, but it is easier to get confused in such code. Just like you can get confused in unsigned boxes.

Boxes can be signed in different ways - and programming languages ​​have different typings. Static typing determines the data types in a program before it runs (at compile time).

Statically typed languages ​​- Java, C++, Swift.

In dynamically typed languages, the type of a variable is determined when the program runs. There is no need to explicitly declare the type of a variable: the interpreter determines it while the program is running. A program created in a dynamically typed language is more difficult to debug and expand its functionality.

Dynamically typed languages ​​- Python, JavaScript, Ruby.



Universal and special languages
There are languages ​​that can be used for different purposes and applications. They are called universal. For example, C++ is suitable both for developing simple computing programs and for creating highly loaded applications and games.

Special programming languages ​​(or domain-specific) are suitable for solving a certain range of problems. This is, for example, SQL, in which you can write queries to databases, HTML or CSS, intended for the design and layout of web pages.
Python
Where used. Python is used in the field of machine learning and artificial intelligence, in the development of web applications, data analytics, and game programming. Python is used by such famous applications as Dropbox, Spotify, Netflix, Uber.

How popular is the language? Python is one of the simplest and most accessible programming languages. It ranks first in the ranking of the most popular languages ​​according to the TIOBE index for September 2023.

Features of the language. Python has a clear syntax, a large number of libraries and frameworks (tools and rules that simplify and speed up the development process). But programs written in Python are slow.

JavaScript
Where used. JavaScript is suitable for developing website interfaces, web applications, browser extensions, mobile applications, and the server side of applications (backend). JS is used in frontend and backend development for Slack, Discord, Microsoft Teams, Uber, Amazon, Apple.

How popular is the language? JavaScript ranks sixth in the September 2023 TIOBE Index. And according to the GitHub Octoverse ranking for 2022, JavaScript is the most popular language, taking first place.

Features of the language. JS has high speed and performance, a large number of libraries, databases, test automation and monitoring tools.

Get to know Frontend Development for free

Get started with these 5 lessons
Java
Where used. A programming language that is suitable for developing backend applications and cross-platform websites. Java is used for backend development for Amazon, Netflix and Spotify.

How popular is the language? According to IEEE Spectrum (Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers), Java is the second most popular programming language for 2023. According to the TIOBE index, Java is in fourth place.

Features of the language. Java has a simple syntax, readable and compact code, built-in libraries and frameworks.

Read also:
Python programming language: how to learn from scratch and what it is needed for
What is the JavaScript language: prospects, situation on the labor market, expert opinions
Java programming language: what a beginner needs to know
PHP
Where used. PHP was originally used to create personal web pages. Today it is used in the backend, often used in combination with HTML and JavaScript. PHP was used to develop the Ted.com project, Dailymotion video hosting, and BlaBlaCar platform.

How popular is the language? The popularity of PHP is gradually increasing. In September 2023, according to the TIOBE index, it ranked eighth, ahead of Go, Swift, Ruby and other languages. And according to the GitHub Octoverse ranking for 2022, PHP ranks seventh.

Features of the language. PHP source code is highly readable and the language has a large developer community. But code in this language also has low security and low performance.

C/C++
Where are they used? C and C++ are suitable for developing high-load software, games, and programs for robots. These programming languages ​​are used to develop Microsoft Office, Adobe Illustrator, and the World of Warcraft game.

How popular are languages? According to the TIOBE index, C and C++ are the second and third most popular programming languages ​​in September 2023. In the 2023 IEEE rankings, C and C++ rank third and fourth, behind Python and Java.

Features of languages. C and C++ are used when you need to manage memory precisely and save space. High performance and a large community make C and C++ attractive to IT professionals. But to write good code in these languages, you need to have a good understanding of how computer hardware works. And also C and C++ do not have as many libraries for web development as, for example, JavaScript or Python.

Go
Where used. Used to create a high-load backend. Go is used to develop platforms such as Uber, Netflix, Facebook.

How popular is the language? According to IEEE, Go is ranked eighth most popular in 2023. Outperforms Swift, Ruby, Kotlin and other languages.

Features of the language. Go has a simple and understandable syntax, a wide selection of tools, and a large number of libraries. Go is well suited for high-load web applications.

Read also:
PHP: details about the language, areas of application, rating
C++: what kind of language is it, where is it used and how to learn it from scratch
Go programming language: why everyone loves it and what you can write in it
C Sharp
Where used. C# was created by Microsoft for developing applications for the .NET platform. Used to develop corporate web services and programs for Tesla, warehouse and logical systems for Ozon, and 3D graphics for Sberbank.

How popular is the language? According to the September 2023 TIOBE Index, C# ranks fifth. According to the GitHub Octoverse ranking, C# also ranks fifth.

Features of the language. C# has a large developer community and compact and easy to read code.

Swift
 Where used. A programming language suitable for developing iOS and macOS applications. For example, iOS mobile apps FireFox and WordPress were developed using the Swift programming language.

 How popular is the language? In 2023, Swift ranks sixteenth according to two ratings: TIOBE and IEEE.

 Features of the language. Swift has a simple syntax, high program speed, and support for memory management. The small number of built-in tools and libraries can make working in this language difficult.

 Kotlin
 Where used. Kotlin is a programming language that has a small amount of code. Most often used in server and mobile development on Android, as well as when creating mobile applications. Pinterest, Coursera, Evernote were written using Kotlin.

 How popular is the language? It is included in the top 20 most popular programming languages ​​according to the TIOBE rating.

 Pros and cons of the language. If we talk about the advantages of Kotlin, it is fully compatible with Java. Its source code is simple and readable. The downside is the low compilation speed and a small number of built-in libraries.
 def get_vowels(String):
     return [each for each in String if each in "aeiou"]
 get_vowels("animal") # [a, i, a]
 get_vowels("sky") # []
 get_vowels("football") # [o, o, a]
 n=5
 string="Hello World "
 print(string * n)  #Hello World Hello World Hello World Hello World Hello World

 def merge(dic1,dic2):
     dic3=dic1.copy()
     dic3.update(dic2)
     return dic3
 dic1={1:"hello", 2:"world"}
 dic2={3:"Python", 4:"Programming"}
 merge(dic1,dic2) # {1: 'hello', 2: 'world', 3: 'Python', 4: 'Programming'}

 import time
 start_time= time.time()
 def fun():
     a=2
     b=3
     c=a+b
 end_time= time.time()
 fun()
 timetaken = end_time - start_time
 print("Your program takes: ", timetaken) # 0.0345

 a=3
 b=4
 a, b = b, a
 print(a, b) # a= 4, b =3

 def check_duplicate(lst):
     return len(lst) != len(set(lst))
 check_duplicate([1,2,3,4,5,4,6]) # True
 check_duplicate([1,2,3]) # False
 check_duplicate([1,2,3,4,9]) # False

 my_list1=["Python","JavaScript","C++"]
 my_list2=["Java", "Flutter", "Swift"]
 #example 1
 "My favourite Programming Languages are" , ", ".join(my_list1)) # My favourite Programming Languages are Python, JavaScript, C++
 print(", ".join(my_list2))  # Java, Flutter, Swifthi. hello. tell me something interesting. what programming languages ​​do you know?.

 — I was glad to meet you.
 — Likewise.

 — Have a nice day, buddy!
 — Cheers, mate!

 Hi user!hi. hello. hello. hello. code?. do you want cookies?. so do you still want a cookie?. i like cookies, how about you?. yes you can ask. 

Notes:
After dating, we immediately get intimate, why not?
Enjoy reading!!
Subin


*photo* -
which one is better? —


- AWESOME
- YOU ARE FIRE
- THANK GOD FOR SUCH A BEAUTIFUL SEXY GIRL!!!
- I WOULD BRAG UP TO EVERYONE, BUT YOU ARE JUST MY!!!
ahahahaha -
Soobin, which one is better? —


- stop
- why the question? the underwear is the same... what to choose
which photo came out better?


- fuck...
I'll print it out -


- THE FUCK???
Yeonjun


*photo* -


— wow, are you adding to the archive?)))
- Can you give me yours in response?
Come on) -


- *photo*
— maybe we can talk on a video call?)))
I don't mind) -
I haven't had phone sex yet -
Beomgyu
— TODAY THE MOAs WERE SINGING SO LOUD TO DO IT LIKE THAT!
— I NEARLY CRIED!!! ((
-Are you sleeping or something?
*photo* -
sweet dreams, bomgusha) -
- AAAAAAAAAAAA
- THIS IS WORSE
— WHAT IS THIS PHOTO, AND THERE IS A VIP BEAUTY IN IT
- God, I love you with every cell of my body!!!
- you are so... so... mine))))
- sexy shmexy tweedledee
- to be honest, I got hard
thank you, I tried -
Taehyung
*photo* -
- fuck... I don’t even know how to describe your beauty and perfection...
- thank you for saving this world with your appearance and body!
- what reason do we have? Why are you sending me this?
I thought you were bored on tour without me(-
- now twice as strong
- I’m sorry if I cheat on you with Beomgyu, but it’s hard to resist
ahavhzphahah —
- laugh, laugh))
Kai
*photo* -
for my beloved!!! —
do you mean you ignore? —
- sorry, I don’t know who is more in awe, me or Yeonjun
Yeonjun? —
- he had my phone number when you sent the photo
FUCKED -
I WILL NOT COME TO YOU ANYMORE WHEN HE IS WITH YOU—
WHAT A DISGRACE… -
- he said that he liked the photo...
OH, THANKS -
- I'm sorry it happened like this
- but I will definitely appreciate your gift at night)
Subin


      Pet Shop.You stood and chose food to feed the stray cats. You took a bag of wet food and tried to find the mass of the product, when suddenly a package of sawdust fell on top of you. It's heavy, but soft, so it doesn't hurt as much.

- God, forgive me, I didn’t mean to. — A tall guy with glasses, who looked a little like a rabbit, stood next to you, holding an already raised package of sawdust in his hands. He smiled shyly, and you looked at his “smiling” eyes. “I’m Soobin, and you?”

- This is the strangest acquaintance in my life... ahahaha
Yeonjun


      What's better than eating at McDonald's after school? That’s why you were now sitting and waiting for your fast food, turning over the sign with the order number in your hand. 5 minutes later, all your food was standing in front of you... wait, this is not what was ordered... Looking at the receipt with the order number, you began to look for the same numbers on other people’s plates. Found it. That guy apparently didn’t understand what happened to his order either, so he just leaned back in his chair, probably wondering what to do. Coming closer, you looked at him, relaxed face, thick eyebrows and plump cat lips... He suddenly opened his eyes and looked at you, from which you had to step back a little.

- Sorry, our orders were mixed up, can we change?

“I have a better idea...” the guy grinned, pushing back the chair next to him. - we can eat together!
Beomgyu


      You were walking alone in the park. It's a warm summer day, what could spoil it? Well... for example, a guy on a bicycle who decided to get to know you, who gave you a bouquet of flowers. What's wrong with this? It's okay, but your flower allergy doesn't think so.“Thank you, but I can’t accept them...” You gave the guy a fleeting smile, which immediately disappeared because of your sneeze. - I'm allergic to them.

- Damn, what a sucker I am... Maybe then I’ll buy some ice cream and we’ll get to know each other? — The guy looked at you as if you were his last hope in this world. Yes, he is so handsome, how can you resist him? You nodded in agreement and grinned at this persistent guy, why did he even decide that he needed to give something to get to know each other?

      He was as happy as a little child, got on his bike and rushed towards the ice cream kiosk. True, he didn’t get there and fell halfway...

- Hey, are you okay? “You asked quietly, walking towards this “accident.” “Are you falling, like you’re really some kind of loser?..” You extended your hand to him for him to get up.

- Eh... so you don’t mind getting to know each other without ice cream? “His eyes sparkled so brightly that you realized that you would never forget this guy and this day.
Taehyung


- You flooded me..! — The first thing you heard in the morning was from the neighbor downstairs.

- What? But I was generally asleep... - It was clear from you: disheveled hair, eyes that were not yet fully awake and pajamas... e

	
JoeDaDude on Oct 25, 2020 | next [–]

There is always Project Gutenberg [1]. I suppose there may be pros and cons to each, with Project Gutenberg being generally older books.
[1]. https://www.gutenberg.org/

Fun trivia: I once took an NLP class and discovered that I could predict whether a text was written by Edgar Allan Poe or H. G. Wells with ~86% accuracy based on the presence of one word: "whereupon". The language had changed enough in 60 years such that that single word was no longer used.


	
pavlov on Oct 25, 2020 | parent | next [–]

I’ve noticed that “presently” (in the meaning “soon”) is one such indicator for post-WWII English.
British novels written in the 1950s consistently use “presently” to indicate a short passage of time. In the following decades it seems to have been removed from editors’ style guides and replaced mostly by plain old “soon”.


	
MivLives on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | next [–]

Wonder what other words that could be found that do something similar.

	
milquetoastaf on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | next [–]

You may enjoy this article - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hapax_legomenon

	
detaro on Oct 25, 2020 | prev | next [–]

Always impressive how the AI community, both inside large companies and not, seems to assume data just exists for them to use, copyright or personal rights be damned.

	
wyldfire on Oct 25, 2020 | parent | next [–]

Aside: it's interesting to think about the legal ramifications of copyrights in the face of AI. If my AI model "reads" a bunch of text, is the model now a "derived work" of the copyrighted work? Perhaps. But of course humans don't infringe when they watch/listen/read a copyrighted work and it changes their state of mind. Perhaps the model can be said not to infringe if it sufficiently abstracts concepts of the art in question. Typically when tuning a model we include lots of counter-cases to avoid overfitting - to make sure that the model is indeed abstracting concepts.

	
6gvONxR4sf7o on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | next [–]

It is derivative. There’s then a question of whether the derived work is sufficiently transformative to be fair use, which depends on what the model is outputting.
But yeah that’s separate from the question of whether you properly licensed the data to train on in the first place.

A big chunk of the computing community seems to approach licensing as “I can see it, so I can use it.” (See GPL code used where it shouldn’t be.)


	
naniwaduni on Oct 26, 2020 | root | parent | prev | next [–]

> But of course humans don't infringe when they watch/listen/read a copyrighted work and it changes their state of mind.
You're not generally distributing, performing, &c. your state of mind. On the other hand, if you then go and generate work based on what you read, then distributing that work certainly can be infringing. Thus "clean room" techniques, where one team reads copyrighted text, writes up a spec (which may then be checked off by lawyers), and then another team, without reading the copyrighted text, implements based off the spec, are sometimes used to attempt to launder copyright taint.

Taking a step back, the fact that well-known authors have infamously declared that they don't read fanfiction as a CYA move against accusations of plagiarism suggests that yes, brains that have read text are widely considered derivative.


	
wyldfire on Oct 27, 2020 | root | parent | next [–]

> You're not generally distributing, performing, &c. your state of mind.
I don't think I agree. My employer values my contribution in some part as an oracle. People at work ask me questions and I answer them. Those answers come from the sum of my experiences (a biochemical 'model'). Other people more directly conduct public performances of their talent.

If nothing else this will likely blur the lines on what's considered original work.


	
fakedang on Oct 26, 2020 | root | parent | prev | next [–]

Distributing an exact copy or paraphrased content of an original work would be subject to copyright, but if a model just generates its own inferences, I don't see how it's different from say a human generated review.

	
naniwaduni on Oct 27, 2020 | root | parent | next [–]

Human generated reviews are generally considered derivative. That's why fair use &c. doctrines have factors expressly to enable them.

	
corobo on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | prev | next [–]

I'd imagine one day this will be determined by whether you can copy the resulting 'brain' to another system
It'll work well until we can upload ourselves to the cloud and we'll have to revisit it


	
curtainsforus on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | next [–]

As technical civilization gains power, it becomes able to make things inbetween social categories. Is a simulation of a human brain a person? And one compressed to half-size? And compressed again? And again?
It's a grains-to-heap problem; eventually, you have to make an ugly choice.


	
6gvONxR4sf7o on Oct 25, 2020 | parent | prev | next [–]

Seriously. At one point I curated a similar dataset to OP, but because it was largely worked to which I didn’t own the copyright, there’s no way in hell I was going to distribute it to others (because that would be doing what that internet library got sued for). I can’t freely distribute the last 20 years of TV and movies just because it’s useful for academic research.
Hell, unless you paid for it, you shouldn’t even have the collection to train on, whether you distribute it or not.

Effectively, everyone’s focusing on whether your story(/model) is sufficiently transformative from Die Hard to be fair use for you to distribute it, without addressing the complaint that you snuck into the theater too, and held the door for others to follow me in.


	
webmaven on Oct 25, 2020 | parent | prev | next [–]

> Always impressive how the AI community, both inside large companies and not, seems to assume data just exists for them to use, copyright or personal rights be damned.
Are you objecting to the use of data for training, or to the compilation of training datasets?


	
yodon on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | next [–]

> Are you objecting to the use of data for training, or to the compilation of training datasets?
The GP is objecting to the casualness with which privacy rights and intellectual property rights are ignored by so many in the AI community, not to a choice of whether they object to one or another specific manifestation of how the community is doing so.

[edit added]: Those who would argue "no, there is no casual ignoring of rights", consider for example the official DMCA takedown instructions for the collection [0].

[0] http://the-eye.eu/dmca.mp4


	
PeterisP on Oct 26, 2020 | root | parent | next [–]

IMHO the research community in general is definitely not ignoring intellectual property rights - for natural language processing, there are papers and publication tracks in major conferences specifically about the legal issues of corpora; many researchers are quite painfully aware of all the various legal restrictions that exist.
However, the legal environment is very different than in the commercial world or consumer piracy, as it generally involves various legal exemptions (differing between locales) that do allow such usage. For example, I work in NLP research on aspects that involve handling large corpora of copyrighted text. It's easier to do it with cooperation of the publishers for various practical reasons, however, we still can and do use also the works of the publishers who would refuse to grant any permission, because local copyright law has specific exceptions that allows the usage these works for noncommercial research purposes. Doing so is not ignoring their rights, their rights are not violated but rather they are limited; their exclusivity right (privilege would be a more appropriate word) to make copies is not absolute. There are even some countries with explicit legal duty for the publishers to provide digital versions of their works to national corpora where they will be used for (among other things) machine learning models.

The specific consequence, however, is that we can't legally share the full datasets which we are using with the public, like it was done in the original post with this particular dataset, as that would be a violation of the publishers' commercial rights; we can provide them to specific researchers for limited noncommercial purposes only. But I can download this dataset or one like this and use it my research legally; just as I can rip up a physical book, scan it, make a digital copy and OCR it, and use it in a research corpus (with copies distributed to other researchers) even if the publisher disapproves.


	
nix23 on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | prev | next [–]

The question is..if a AI reads a book is it against copyright?
Or is the trained model a derived work of those books?


	
mdifrgechd on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | next [–]

I can imagine building a model that is a derived work, but I don't see why all models trained on a corpus that contains some text can automatically be thought of as derived from that text in a creative sense. Models like GPT are using the text as a specific instance of the latent relationships that make up our language. The text is an example of english to learn from, it's not a creative work being extended.
Training a language model, I would argue, is equivalent (in terms of being derivative) to generating a list of the top ten words in a corpus of text. Not really a derived work.


	
mdifrgechd on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | next [–]

One possible counterpoint- sample based explanation techniques can tell what training data was most influential in a ML model's prediction, and this has been considered in language models[0]. So you could argue that if there are training examples within a corpus that are having an outsized influence on the model output, then maybe it is derivative. This would be pretty cool to look at - are some GPT or other language model outputs relying strongly on a few sources?
[0] https://arxiv.org/abs/1810.03611


	
lacker on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | prev | next [–]

It is probably not a derived work. To be a derived work it is not enough to simply use the original work in its construction; it must contain major copyrightable elements of the original work. The weights and parameters present in the model do not seem to fit that description; generally you can’t copyright a bunch of numbers. That said, I don’t think this has been confirmed by a major court case yet, and I wouldn’t be surprised if that happens at some point.

	
fakedang on Oct 26, 2020 | root | parent | next [–]

But for a dynamically learning machine model, can you even copyright the numbers?

	
mcguire on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | prev | next [–]

The question is, "Do the creators of bibliotik have proper licenses to aggregate those books into a dataset?" The dataset is certainly a derived work.
Edit: https://the-eye.eu/public/Books/humble_books_20180509/

Cue the "they're depriving me of my income" complaints from authors.


	
nix23 on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | next [–]

>The dataset is certainly a derived work
That was not the question.


	
mcguire on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | next [–]

"Always impressive how the AI community, both inside large companies and not, seems to assume data just exists for them to use, copyright or personal rights be damned."

	
nix23 on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | next [–]

And you where thinking, lets rephrase that question because it's not already boring and obvious enough?

	
Spooky23 on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | prev | next [–]

If AI has human like rights to read and learn and create derived works, what other rights does it have?
Perhaps we should figure that before we start a dystopian nightmare of written material.


	
ahoka on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | prev | next [–]

Of course it is a derived work.

	
kerng on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | next [–]

Maybe not so obvious. If you read a book, are you a derivative work?

	
nix23 on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | next [–]

Soo reading the Kama Sutra leads to derivative "work" too :)

	
blackoil on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | prev | next [–]

I read a Java book and created programs using knowledge given in the book. Is my program a derived work?

	
ahoka on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | next [–]

A book on Java was written to teach you Java, so it would be foolish to claim any copyright on your program.

	
nix23 on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | prev | next [–]

That opens some interesting questions...

	
jhauris on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | prev | next [–]

IANAL: I think it's pretty clear it's a derived work, the open question afaik is whether it's fair use our not.

	
isoprophlex on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | prev | next [–]

Sweet jesus those instructions go on forever, imagine performing that (without breaking into laughter)

	
webmaven on Oct 28, 2020 | root | parent | next [–]

I'm pretty sure that it's the same few seconds looped for ten minutes.

	
yorwba on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | prev | next [–]

The official DMCA takedown instructions are actually at http://the-eye.eu/dmca/ and look much less unusual.

	
yodon on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | next [–]

You did notice those files are both hosted on the same site, I trust? I suspect the mp4 speaks much more directly to the actual state of mind and beliefs of the creator(s) of the collection. In the context of this conversation (discussing the attitudes of many in the AI community towards privacy and intellectual property rights in training data), that would make the mp4 the more official statement of policy.

	
pixl97 on Oct 25, 2020 | parent | prev | next [–]

Eh, this entire comment thread is leading into "RMS was right" territory. Copyright and our machine intelligence future can't mix well at all.

	
Shared404 on Oct 26, 2020 | root | parent | next [–]

To be fair, I'm pretty sure that's a pretty common sentiment around HN.

	
minimaxir on Oct 25, 2020 | parent | prev | next [–]

Another related aspect of this is the hiQ vs. LinkedIn decision, which many interpreted as now setting precedent for allowing scraping of public information.
It's not that simple unfortunately, and companies could still send a C&D/threaten invoking the CFAA, and it would still be a mess. Although in practice it's not worth the effort for companies to sue as long as the scraper is not monetarily benefiting from it (which is how the court case happened).


	
panpanna on Oct 25, 2020 | parent | prev | next [–]

You just described Google.

	
numpad0 on Oct 25, 2020 | prev | next [–]

I’ve tried some sci-fi nonsense on GPT-2 in the past and it returned flattened out phpBB replies, complete with usernames and headers. So whatever they are trained with must include web crawls.

	
minimaxir on Oct 25, 2020 | parent | next [–]

GPT-2 was trained on web links linked to from Reddit which would explain your output.
GPT-3 was trained on the Common Crawl + books.


	
Ninjinka on Oct 25, 2020 | prev | next [–]

I love the-eye.eu, and am excited for this dataset not for machine learning purposes, but for easy display on a low resolution Raspberry Pi OLED. I've looked for many books in .txt file formats before with little luck.

	
miki123211 on Oct 25, 2020 | prev | next [–]

Blind person here. I don't need fancy shmancy formatting, so this could even come in handy for my own, personal use.
With that said, does anyone know if the filename structure inside that file makes any sense for a human? Can you find a book by author/title?

Also, what's in that dmca.mp4 file? All I hear is music.


	
SanchoPanda on Oct 25, 2020 | parent | next [–]

The naming of the txt files is of mixed to good usefulness for you. First ten listed as example.
    - 0/0.4 - Mike Lancaster.epub.txt
    - 0/0.721 - Gary Webster.epub.txt
    - 0/01 - Alec Dunn.epub.txt
    - 0/01 Kai_ Ninja Of Fire (Scholastic) - Greg Farshtey (retail).epub.txt
    - 0/02 Crescendo -  Becca Fitzpatrick.epub.txt
    - 0/03 Cole_ Ninja Of Earth (Scholastic) - Greg Farshtey (retail).epub.txt
    - 0/03 - Jean-Christophe Valtat.epub.txt
    - 0/04. R. W. Peake - Antony and Cleopatra Part I Antony (Marching With Caesar, Book 4) [Retail].epub.txt
    - 0/05. R. W. Peake - Antony and Cleopatra Part II Cleopatra (Marching With Caesar, Book 5) [Retail].epub.txt
    - 0/05 LEGO Ninjago - Snake Attack! (Scholastic) - Tracey West (retail).epub.txt
Apologies, I had included the wrong corpus originally, the correct list is this one.
Second edit - Books3 is much cleaner than Books1, I am editing my negative opinion to a more positive one to reflect that.


	
maxwelljoslyn on Oct 25, 2020 | parent | prev | next [–]

The dmca.mp4 file is a video of performance art in which about eight women in fancy dresses chant while vigorously mimicking male masturbation. I didn't watch to the end, but the activity appears to go on for a full ten minutes, and I bet there's a suitable finale.
Presumably this is a "fuck you" to the DMCA law.

EDIT: there is unfortunately no "suitable finale."


	
sillysaurusx on Oct 25, 2020 | parent | prev | next [–]

Hello! I made the books3 dataset. I am delighted to hear that this might be useful for your personal use.
I spent four or five days intensely working on the script to convert an .epub to .txt. It's a surprisingly hard problem, so I tried to be correct in every detail. It was important to me that an AI learn the way humans learn.

Therefore, yes, I have found that these books are quite readable. However there are some unique challenges due to the nature of it being .txt, which I would love to help you navigate.

Firstly, the top and the bottom of each file is usually "repetitive". By that I mean, there tends to be a lot of metadata that might be hard to skip.

However, the neat thing is, these aren't actually .txt files -- it's Markdown. And we can take advantage of the markdown format to help you out.

Here is a direct link to "A Mathematician's Apology": https://gist.githubusercontent.com/shawwn/1b399325e866731165...

I like this file as an example, because it illustrates both problems that will be challenging for you. Firstly, the book itself doesn't begin until halfway down the file. There is a ridiculously long "forward" section, written by someone else. Normally this would be easy to skip.

The cheat code I use to read this book is to search for "# 1". Double quote, followed by pound sign (or "hashtag" as the kids say nowadays, ha), followed by a space, then the number one.

That brings you straight to chapter one.

However, not all books use that format for chapter one. So I would recommend searching for a regex, if you can: "beginning of line" followed by pound sign.

That'll usually do the trick. And yes, I find all of these to be quite readable, which I was proud of.

The code is courtesy of Aaron Swartz, by the way. I merely refined it. I am so proud of him for what he was able to achieve during his lifetime. This is "html-to-text" with some modifications.

If you want to convert .epub files to .txt for your own use, the script is here: https://github.com/shawwn/scrap/blob/master/epub2txt-all

It has a rather cryptic name of "epub2txt-all". Sorry about that. But the script itself should be just a matter of running it.

Here are some notes on what I did with this script, in case you find it helpful: https://github.com/soskek/bookcorpus/issues/27

Happy reading! Please let me know any other questions you might have.

By the way, dmca.mp4 is a joke video. Sort of. It's a good question of what is actually going on there. As far as I can tell, it's a dozen professionals who have gathered together to simulate jacking themselves off while singing "ahhhhhhHHhhH" for ten minutes. I don't really know anything beyond that, but the-eye.eu community seems rather proud of it.


	
chews on Oct 25, 2020 | parent | prev | next [–]

I'm gonna take you at your word on blindness and help out here. There are a small assembly women in a semi-circle on stage, singing with stearn and serious faces what is an aria like song piece, all while vigorously gesturing what can universally be described male masterbation. The camera pans into their faces, and back out to reveal the small group of women to be a chorus of fapping.

	
miki123211 on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | next [–]

No need to take me on my word, Googling my username / full name will lead you to a pretty long, detailed and hart to forge online history.

	
WrtCdEvrydy on Oct 25, 2020 | parent | prev | next [–]

> what's in that dmca.mp4 file? All I hear is music.
I wish you could see it, here's a basic description.

It begins with a close up of a person singing while performing a gesture of masturbation then zooms out to three people signing and then a full group of around 10 people. It's basically telling whoever is trying to DMCA to jerk themselves off.


	
lolbot on Oct 25, 2020 | parent | prev | next [–]

The filenames are readable and informative. The dmca.mp4 is a 10 minute video of a group of women standing in a half-circle, singing and doing "spank the monkey" gestures.

	
2fast4you on Oct 25, 2020 | parent | prev | next [–]

I’m downloading it right now, I’ll try to come back and let you know what it looks like.
Also the dmca.mp4 is a video of like 5 or 10 people singing into microphones while pretending to jack off


	
Voloskaya on Oct 25, 2020 | prev | next [–]

This is very cool and useful, thanks.
However, saying: "Suppose you wanted to train a world-class GPT model, just like OpenAI. How? You have no data. Now you do. Now everyone does"

Is quite a stretch. You need much, much more that 36GB of quality data to train a world-class GPT model.


	
zurfer on Oct 25, 2020 | parent | next [–]

No, You don't need more. This is compressed text. All of English Wikipedia is roughly 20 GB. You can train amazing and state of the art text models with this data in addition.
Openai states themselves that they trained on "40GB of internet text"

https://openai.com/blog/better-language-models/


	
Voloskaya on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | next [–]

You can indeed train state of the art text models with this data provided you come up with some better architecture that what we currently have. What I am saying is that you cannot train state of the ART "GPT" models like the link is saying.
Your link is for GPT-2, GPT-3 used much, much more data.

GPT-3 was trained in part on "books2" corpus which is not public but seems to basically be the same thing as this: 200k books * 100k words per book on average * ~3 token per words = 60B tokens, books2 is 55B tokens so it checks out.

The total amount of tokens that GPT-3 was trained on from all sources is a combined 500B tokens, this is merely 10% of what they have.

https://arxiv.org/pdf/2005.14165.pdf


	
bigbubba on Oct 25, 2020 | parent | prev | next [–]

The GPT approach must be very poor; with only a fraction of that information you can train a human to perform better than any GPT model shown thus far. When you look at power burned doing it, the gap is even wider.
Obviously our wetware is optimized for it and we aren't true blank slates, but the enormous magnitude of the discrepancy makes me think we're on the wrong path.


	
gamblor956 on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | next [–]

GPT and most modern "AI" approaches suffer from the same problem: they're just brute force algorithmic approaches that don't mimic "intelligence" in any way. Since there is no understanding, they can't learn in the same way humans or other living creatures do (in general terms, by extrapolation).
The ironic thing is that ML became popular because we didn't have the technology back then to properly model actual neuronal activity. Now we do, but ML is so established that modeling "true" intelligence is no longer de jure.


	
nialv7 on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | next [–]

That's a bold claim to make, given we ourselves don't even understand what understanding, or intelligence is. So how can you support your claim that what GPT-3 does is not intelligence.

	
bigbubba on Oct 26, 2020 | root | parent | next [–]

Personally I think our common definitions of intelligence are too narrowly defined, we have a bias towards recognizing intelligence similar to our own and a blindspot for intelligent systems unlike our own. I agree with Paul Stamets that mycelia networks may have a form of intelligence quite unlike our own. Large corporations likely have intelligence of their own ('slow AIs') and may in aggregate pursue goals that no individual participant in the organization agrees with (preference falsification demonstrates how such a thing might occur.) Closer to the traditional, I think reptiles may be far more intelligent that we usually give them credit for since we have a mammalian bias against their kind. Mammalians seem to have empathy circuits that fire more often for other mammals, and this inclines us to not consider the possible intelligence of non-mammals.
So, GPT? I think that's probably a form of intelligence too, but not one that's particularly similar to our own. I also doubt that we'll have much luck getting it to ever perform at near-human levels, when you consider the data and power requirements. I think it's not simply a matter of silicon vs wetware; I think the GPT approach is substantially more different from our own than the hardware it runs on. It's a form of intelligence but that doesn't mean it is like our own.


	
gamblor956 on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | prev | next [–]

I'm not the only one. It's industry consensus.
https://www.technologyreview.com/2020/08/22/1007539/gpt3-ope...


	
nialv7 on Oct 26, 2020 | root | parent | next [–]

That doesn't answer the question.

	
nialv7 on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | prev | next [–]

> with only a fraction of that information you can train a human to perform better than any GPT model shown thus far.
That's not a fair comparison. The human neural network is not trained _from scratch_. There is a very good fundamental structure we inherited through millions of years of evolution.


	
webmaven on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | next [–]

> The human neural network is not trained _from scratch_. There is a very good fundamental structure we inherited through millions of years of evolution.
It is worth noting that the training data used for training humans has been undergoing it's own optimization process for a while too (arguably for about 40ky, since the Upper Paleolithic Revolution, which is roughly when cultural evolution started taking over). In AI adjusting the training data is called Curriculum Learning. Right now most curriculum learning is done just by adjusting the order of training samples, rather than creating samples specifically optimized to facilitate learning (although GANs might be considered a Socratic approach to the latter, if you squint at it).


	
jononor on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | prev | next [–]

Also, humans created all the text and the language and structures used within, for the purpose of communicating - so it is likely to be a good match for our cognitive systems.

	
bigbubba on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | prev | next [–]

Yes, I conceded that we aren't blank slates. I still think we're on the wring track.

	
monsieurbanana on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | prev | next [–]

I'm sure it's much more probable than we're in the wrong path, rather than the good one, but I don't think the amount of information needed by a GPT model can give insights to that.
Instead, as you pointed out, it's just proof of how efficient our wetware is.


	
minimaxir on Oct 25, 2020 | parent | prev | next [–]

AI models suffer massive diminishing returns on both model size and amount of input text, which fortunately gives fresh models a chance to compete (the benefits of GPT-2/Transformer architectures is that they are capable of scaling indefinitely, but they still have diminishing returns)

	
Voloskaya on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | next [–]

I completly agree, it's a diminishing return but a return nonetheles, so to have a "world class GPT" model with 10% of the data, and 10% (optimistically) of the compute that OpenAI used, you will need some very very impressive innovation elsewhere.

	
asutekku on Oct 25, 2020 | parent | prev | next [–]

36gb of compressed text is a lot though.

	
Voloskaya on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | next [–]

That's about 50B tokens. It can be a lot depending on what you want to do, but It's 10% of what GPT-3 (the definition of world class GPT model) used.

	
sillysaurusx on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | next [–]

For what it's worth, we're serious about replicating GPT-3. books3 is just one piece. You will notice I never claimed equivalency to GPT-3's training data.
books3 may be 10%, but The Pile is building the rest:

https://twitter.com/arankomatsuzaki/status/13204141418954874...

https://github.com/EleutherAI/The-Pile

https://www.eleuther.ai/get-involved

https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/735217892517216366/...

https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/735217892517216366/...


	
Voloskaya on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | next [–]

And again, I find books3 extremely cool and important work on your part, looking forward to the rest.
I just have a minor gripe with saying that "now we can train world class GPT model" thanks to that, as you said it's just one piece, and as a typicial HNist I had to point it out :).


	
sillysaurusx on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent | next [–]

Believe it or not, I appreciate and relate to that sentiment.
But after spending roughly one year acquiring knowledge related to this work, I feel I can say with a fairly high degree of certainty that this dataset alone is enough to train a model that will achieve "world class" status in some area. Writing books, perhaps.

Which part of my logic do you feel is mistaken, and why? I am actually quite interested to hear thoughts from someone who is very pedantic about such things.


	
Voloskaya on Oct 26, 2020 | root | parent | next [–]

I don't think you are mistaken, I guess it's just that there is just so much information you can convey in a tweet, when I read "world class GPT model" I understand a model that will beat (or equal) on general NLG, which is not what you meant it seems.

	
WClayFerguson on Oct 25, 2020 | prev | next [–]

Is there a torrent link? Also, I know IPFS is still new, but growing rapidly, so some day each of these books will just have a CID on IPFS, and basically to publish all the books as a list you'd simply publish a list of the CIDs.

	
sillysaurusx on Oct 26, 2020 | parent | next [–]

No torrent link yet, partly because I trust the-eye. They are fearless in a way that I haven't seen elsewhere.
Time will tell if fear would have been wise. But for now, I'm curious to see whether "the link will last for years" is true.

If it goes down, I'll append instructions to the original twitter thread on how to access it elsewhere. I also don't have any experience setting up the alternatives you mention; if you do, please feel free to mention it somewhere (twitter DM is always a reliable way to reach me) and I'll highlight it.

As for a torrent link specifically, I did request that the-eye have a torrent ready to go on day one, for just such an eventuality. I was confused when they didn't seem worried. After spending almost an hour describing in detail the kinds of repercussions that might inevitably follow, he simply said that fear does not control him the way it controls me, and that he will ensure it remains. (Probably via torrent, if such a thing becomes necessary.)

I've thought a lot about what he said, and how he phrased it. I decided to trust them to take care of the data. Mostly, though, I made the decision out of intellectual curiosity to see how true their ambition really is.

In the meantime, joining their community on Discord and/or donating to them would be helpful (though to my surprise, they didn't seem too interested in monetary concerns either). http://the-eye.eu/


	
WClayFerguson on Oct 26, 2020 | root | parent | next [–]

I just assumed all of that was in the public domain and legal to download. The only reason I was asking about Torrent was because of the large size of the file, and because I'm a developer working in IPFS world and very interested in decentralization.
I've developed a web platform that handles books online in a very unique way, and my demo 'book' for that technology was War and Peace:

https://quanta.wiki/n/war-and-peace

but probably if I need to add more books I can go to Project Gutenberg. Anyway, appreciated the reply


	
ralph87 on Oct 25, 2020 | prev | next [–]

The entirety of Library Genesis (about 2.7 million books, fairly poorly curated) can also be downloaded, its somewhere around 40 TB altogether of significantly more recent books.

	
gwern on Oct 26, 2020 | parent | next [–]

The problem with LibGen, and why EleutherAI has been avoiding it, is that most of it is PDFs and most of the PDFs are scans; OCR layers are typically incredibly crummy. Even if you re-OCR them all with Tesseract or something (which will take quite a while, based on how long Tesseract takes to OCR my books even using parallelism on a Threadripper), the OCR will still be awful data. Do you really want to add that to your training dataset...? Far from obvious, and not when there are so many other pools of text like Arxiv which aren't so insoluble.

	
ralph87 on Oct 26, 2020 | root | parent | next [–]

It of course depends entirely on what kind of tool you are trying to build. PDFs capture a ton of visual information lost in plain text. I know the parent article is discussing construction of a text model, but what about say, if you were attempting to build the ultimate AI page reflow tool? etc.

	
GordonS on Oct 25, 2020 | parent | prev | next [–]

In plain text format though?
AFAIK, most is in PDF, EPUB or mobi format. I'd presume it's not too difficult to extract text from the latter two, but extracting text from PDFs is far from simple, and something you get working for 1 PDF won't necessarily work on another.


	
heimatau on Oct 25, 2020 | parent | prev | next [–]

Is there a way to submit to it? Also, is there a way to download the entire thing?

	
ralph87 on Oct 26, 2020 | root | parent | next [–]

They release periodic delta torrents of the entire collection. I won't link it here, but it's trivial to find

	
anthk on Oct 26, 2020 | prev | next [–]

https://textfiles.com

	
profstasiak on Oct 25, 2020 | prev | next [–]

is bibliotik db bigger than libgen? any tips how to get invited?

	
I_Byte on Oct 25, 2020 | parent | next [–]

I am not sure if bibliotik has more books than libgen by sheer numbers but I am pretty sure that bibliotiks books are of higher quality and better organized at the very least. Oh and if you haven't already got your foot in the door or know somebody who does it is unlikely that people like you and I will simply get invited by some kind stranger on the internet.
Also, a lot of books that were behind the bibliotik signup wall have been freed by /u/-Archivist.

https://www.reddit.com/r/opendirectories/comments/f2teym/pro...

I personally recommend you start with MyAnonamouse.org. They hold invite interviews twice a week over IRC and I have heard that the community is really welcoming to new users.

https://www.myanonamouse.net/inviteapp.php


	
gilrain on Oct 25, 2020 | prev [–]

What is ".txt format"? I'm genuinely curious what they went with here, but don't want to download 36 GB to find out. There isn't a .txt standard, is there?
I would hope for UTF-8, but given the old-school, Windows-y .txt extension, it could just as easily be Windows-1252 or something. LF or CRLF line endings?


	
SanchoPanda on Oct 25, 2020 | parent [–]

It looks like they are unix line endings, UTF-8, and markdown formatted.

	
gilrain on Oct 25, 2020 | root | parent [–]

Thanks!

The Project Gutenberg eBook of Plane Jane
    
This ebook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this ebook or online
at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the United States,
you will have to check the laws of the country where you are located
before using this eBook.

Title: Plane Jane

Author: Frederick C. Davis

Release date: April 27, 2024 [eBook #73483]

Language: English

Original publication: New York, NY: Flying Stories, Inc, 1928

Credits: Roger Frank and Sue Clark


*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK PLANE JANE ***


                               PLANE JANE

                          By Frederick C. Davis

            Author of “Haunted Hangars,” “Ordeal By Air,” etc.

Don’t go wonderin’ if I’m a expert on the subject, but ain’t there a kind
of girl that looks her prettiest when she’s wearin’ a kitchen dress and
rollin’ out biscuits? And ain’t there another sort of girl who transforms
herself into the most beautiful when she appears in a filmy evenin’ gown
and waits for you to waft her out into the moonlight? Then there’s another
that becomes the one and only when she is wool from head to toe and
cuddlin’ beside you on a toboggan. And there’s one who is a shade above
Venus when she comes slashin’ out of the surf glistenin’ and lithe and
fresh.

Jane Alton wasn’t any of these kinds, but, oh, what a dream she was in a
flyin’ suit! Jane was born to ornament the air. With a stick in her hand
and flyin’ joy in her eyes, she was an angel--and, of course, bein’ an
angel, she belonged in the sky. She put herself there every chance she
got!

It was a mornin’ full of smooth air and high visibility when Jane came
rompin’ around the hangars, shinin’ leather all over and, seein’ us,
smiled brighter ’n the sun and ran straight for our plane.

Ned Knight was in the fore cubby, jazzin’ the motor, ready for a take-off.
He grinned and remarked over his shoulder:

“Benny, ol’ nut-twister, here’s where you lose your seat, back there.
Jane’s all set to take another trip to her home port, Heaven, and there’s
no use tryin’ to stop her. Better start gettin’ out.”

I’d already begun startin’, and I was all the way out when Jane came up
laughin’.

“Thank you, you ol’ darlin’,” she said to me, and I ain’t so old, either.
“I can’t wait another minute to get up into all that glorious sky. Ned,
would you mind changin’ back to Benny’s seat?”

“What!” barked Ned. “Listen, Jane. I’m takin’ this little Alton up for a
check-ride. Your Dad is waitin’ for the data on it. Just this time won’t
you ride in back, just this once, and lemme--”

“Ned Knight,” came back Jane, “am I not the holder of a pilot’s license?”

“Yes, but--”

“Haven’t you, my only instructor, pronounced me to be a flyer equal to any
other you know?”

“You sure are, Jane, but--”

“Can’t I handle that stick and do a good job of gatherin’ data myself?”

“I’m not sayin’ you can’t, but--”

“Do you want me to go up in another plane, _without you_, Ned Knight?”

“No!” said Ned, and so he began gettin’ out!

Me, I couldn’t ’ve held out half that long against Jane Alton. I was
plenty crazy about that girl, but bein’ only a grease-monkey, and havin’ a
map resemblin’ a mauled-up bulldog’s, I confined myself to bein’ just her
slave. Ned Knight, however, being the best flyer in the state, and the
handsomest in six, got a lot of time from her. I suspected maybe that
there was some kind of romance goin’ on there, between the flyer and the
daughter of the plant owner, ’cause they flew a lot together, those two.

So, with Ned back in the rear pit, Jane climbed into the front one,
settled to the controls, jazzed the motor, and waved one tiny gloved hand
to me. I socked the blocks; she stepped on the gas; and the Alton was off.
It trundled to the other edge of the sand, and Jane pulled it up neatly;
she circled twice, got herself a nice lot of altitude, rode a few air
waves in sheer joy, and then deadheaded across the blue.

Now and then she cut the motor. Say, there wasn’t any tellin’ what went on
between them two, all alone up there, so close to Heaven! I know they
didn’t exactly dislike the open solitude of that sky! I remember once,
when Jane hopped out of the Alton, after a spell of hootin’ with Ned, she
said to him: “I _love_ to be all alone with you up there!” And Ned was
never quite the same when he came down from a flit with Jane, anyhow!

Well, while the Alton was banking and skimming at about a thousand, Robert
Bennett Alton himself came out onto the field. He was owner of the field,
and of the factory where the Altons were made. He was manufacturing a
sturdy, speedy, almost foolproof plane that was just about the ultimate in
aviation on a small scale. A man dissatisfied with anything short of
perfection--that was Alton. And a fine man, in and out from the heart. He
stood beside me, watching his little moth weave across the sky.

“What a ship!” I said. “What a joy of a ship!”

“It seems to handle well, Benny,” was all Alton said. “What--what’s that?”

Starin’, I went cold. From the front of the plane some black smoke spouted
out; and then came the flashin’ of fire. Fire it was! The nose of that
plane was bein’ licked by the flames leapin’ back from the engine. One
second it had been all o. k., and the next it was pushin’ a bonfire
through the sky! If the fire reached the gasoline lines and the tank--if
it kindled the linen--it meant disaster! And I, myself, I had inspected
that ship to make sure it was o. k. All but passin’ out, I continued to
stare, and Mr. Alton got as white as the clouds.

“Benny, who’s pilotin’ that ship?”

“Jane!”

“What!”

Now the plane was sideslippin’ away from the flames; it tore off them, and
they disappeared.

“And Jane knows her stuff!” I shouted.

Once havin’ snapped away from the danger, Jane dove at full throttle, but
the fire flashed out again, worse than before. As soon as it did, Jane
sideslipped again, and the wind put the fire out. This time when she
recovered she banked steep, gradually losin’ altitude and made for the T.
Mushin’ out, she cut the gun, and the Alton glided for the sand. The fire
popped out again, not so bad this time, but bad enough!

The burnin’ ship trundled in, and before it stopped Ned Knight was out of
it. Jane jumped right behind him. Ned scooped up sand and threw it on the
fire, and Jane worked just as fast. Mr. Alton and me and some of the other
boys ran for the ship, but by the time we got there, the fire was all out.

Ned Knight, plenty mad, stepped up to me chin first. “Benny, your job is
to keep these ships in trim, ain’t it--’specially this one, that’s goin’
to fly the race--or was! Then how come the timin’ is off, and fire got
sucked back into the carburetor? I’ll bet my hat that the screen and drain
is in bad shape, too, you--. Good gosh!”

“Well, I got it out all right, didn’t I?” inquired Jane, who seemed to
think that any scrape wasn’t very bad if she got out of it alive.

“You sure did! You got us out like a veteran. Jane, you’re all right.
Benny, dang you--”

I wasn’t wastin’ time standin’ there and bein’ bawled out. I put my head
into that motor, and it took only a minute for me to find out that some
monkey business had been goin on--grease-monkey business! The engine had
been tampered with. Our pet Alton! The ship we were dressin’ for the race!
And with Jane in it! Lord!

I whirled around and barked out my troubles. And then there was plenty of
quiet for a minute.

                *       *       *       *       *

Ned Knight moved first. Some other members of the hangar crew had come
out to share the excitement. He singled out a pilot named Stud Walker, and
stepped right up to him. Ugly eyes that man had, and an ugly face, and an
ugly heart--Walker. His eyes sort of flashed with fear, and he tried to
back away, but Ned had him nailed.

“Walker, lemme ask you some questions! Last night, while I was fussin’
around the field, I heard somebody inside this Alton’s hangar. That was
strange. By the time I got it unlocked, and went inside, the noises
stopped, and the hangar was empty. But I found a hole in the sand, under
the tin wall, that was fresh dug, and that hole was hid by two empty oil
barrels. You know anything about that? I’ll answer for you. You know _all_
about it. You’re the man that tampered with the plane!”

“You can’t prove--” Walker gulped.

“Your guilty face proves it for me! I’m goin’ to smash--”

Ned began to sail in with both hands and feet, but I grabbed him. While he
was talkin’, two other greaseballs had got behind Walker, and blocked his
retreat. Also, they kept Ned from killin’ him. And right then Mr. Robert
Bennett Alton himself stepped up and spoke.

“Ned, if you’re accusin’ this man of tamperin’ with that plane, I hope you
can prove what you say.”

“Mr. Alton,” Ned came back, “some time ago I caught Walker tappin’ a gin
bottle on the field, and ever since then I’ve been watchin’ him. A few
days ago he acted funny. I watched closer. After dark a sedan drew up, and
Walker got in. The car stayed, and I watched it. Inside it was Gifford, at
the wheel--Gifford, of the Stormbird people. He and Walker were talkin’
low. Then I saw Gifford pass money to Walker. That is proof enough for me
that he’s in Gifford’s pay, working against us. He was clever enough to
jim the plane so I couldn’t find the trouble last night, but he’s got
now!”

Walker looked plenty sick. Alton looked at him, and he couldn’t look back.
He might ’ve killed Ned Knight and Jane--Jane!--with his trick, done for
pay. He couldn’t face the man that had hired him out of good faith.

“Walker, you look guilty!” Alton spoke up. “You’ve tried to cripple us in
favor of the Stormbird people--so they can win over us, of course, in the
air derby tomorrow. Thank the Lord you won’t have a chance to get in any
more of your dirty work! The Stormbirds are so afraid that we’ll outfly
them that they have to hire crooks to beat us, eh? Do you know, Walker,
that you could be jailed for what you’ve done?”

Walker was white around the gills.

“Walker, I don’t want to bother with you. I think too little of you and
what you’ve done to prefer charges against you. Now, Walker, get off this
field. Get off! If you show your face on it again, man, I’ll break you
with my bare hands!”

Alton didn’t usually say much, but this was plenty for the occasion, and
he meant every word. Alton’s contempt was worse than a lickin’ for Walker
to take. Let loose, he shambled away, looks of disgust and hate followin’
him. When he disappeared around the hangars, the field seemed like a
better place to stay.

Mr. Alton spoke quietly now to the boys, askin’ ’em to look over the
planes careful, suggestin’ that a guard be put around the hangars tonight
so that nothin’ could happen to the planes before the start of the air
race the next day; and they’d better keep a gun handy; and--

“Ned!” Jane called out, not bein’ able to hold herself in any longer.
“Please, let’s get another plane out and go right back up!”

                *       *       *       *       *

“Jane,” Mr. Alton said, “I want to talk with Ned a little, so you’d better
let the flyin’ go a while. Benny, is that ship damaged much?”

“No, sir,” I answered. “By adjusting the timer and putting in a screen,
and some new ignition wires--they’re burned off--she’ll be shipshape
again.”

“Start on it right away,” Mr. Alton told me. “Ned, how did the ship feel
today?”

“Better than ever before,” Knight answered. “Jane was at the stick, but I
could feel the pull of the new prop. We get the proper revs now when we’re
climbing.”

“The stabilizer?”

“Works like a dream. The ship’s as steady as a Rolls Royce on Fifth Avenue
and she stays that way. Also, it’s easier to hold her head up. And the
ailerons can be used when she’s throttled way down--that’s somethin’
that’s improved with the new prop and stabilizer. She’s ready for any race
now, Mr. Alton.”

“Good!” said the Boss.

The boys’d been helpin’ me to roll the plane tail-to into the hangar, and
then, leavin’ Mr. Alton, Jane, Ned and me in there alone, they went back
to work. I tore off the old ignition wires while Mr. Alton talked.

“Ned, are you ready to fly your best tomorrow? Goin’ to reach Curtiss
ahead of all the other entries, are you?”

“Sure he is!” spoke up Jane. “I’m his mascot!”

“I think your plane is a better flyer than any other in the line-up, Mr.
Alton,” Ned answered. “The Stormbird will tail us, but we’ll win.”

“I hope so!” Mr. Alton came back, sighin’. “Ned, I’m goin’ to take you
into my confidence. You’re goin’ to pilot that ship tomorrow, and Benny
will be along with you, and you both ought to know that I’m bankin’ on you
boys heavily. Aside from the purse--which, of course, the pilot is goin’
to keep, for he’s the man that is goin’ to earn it--the reputation of the
Alton is at stake. The number of accidents that have happened recently in
Altons has given us a black-eye, Ned--you know that.”

“People’ll forget that when we zip across the finish field first,” Ned
answered.

“They will--if we win,” Mr. Alton answered. “That will help. But that’s
not all. That ill will has hurt our business. We have been runnin’ on a
shoestring--and we’ve just about reached the end of it. We need the
winnin’ place in this race because of the good it will do our business. If
we don’t come in number one, Ned, I’m afraid that we’ll have to be closing
up the plant soon.”

Ned got pale, and I forgot work, and Jane listened plumb excited. Mr.
Alton was talkin’ in a low, serious tone. Since the Alton plant was all
any of us had in life right then, it was serious. We knew business had
been bad, but we never suspected it was that bad--never suspected that
this air derby was becomin’ a life and death matter for Alton planes.

“I’ll explain a little more,” Mr. Alton went on, solemn and quiet. “You
know that the United Airways is holding up a large order of planes--enough
to keep us busy for the better part of a year--and will place its order
dependin’ on the outcome of the race tomorrow. They’re lookin’ for speed
and stamina, and they think they’ll find it in the winnin’ ship. I had a
talk with Finley, the manager, last night. ‘Win the race, and I’ll place
my order with you,’ he said. That’s how the matter stands. And that United
order, if we get it, will save our lives.”

Lord!

“There are other orders in the balance, too,” Mr. Alton went on. “The
government is going to give the winner some places in the air mail and
border patrol fleets, to replace the antiquated DeHavilands. There’s a
passenger airport in Texas that I’ve been tryin’ to land, that’s waitin’
for the winner to take the order away from it. I could name half a dozen
more such examples; but it isn’t necessary.

“You understand, Ned, that when you fly tomorrow, you’ll be flyin’ to
win--win not only the purse for yourself, but a new life for us. And if
you lose--but we won’t think about that now. You’re goin’ to win.”

“Yes, sir,” said Ned. “We’re goin’ to win!” He gave a look at Jane, and
Jane’s eyes sparkled. “There’s still another reason why I’m goin’ to win,
Mr. Alton!”

“There is?”

“A pilot that ain’t married usually hasn’t got a habit of savin’ his
money--and I’ve spent all mine, till lately. But if I had to buy a house
and a lot of furniture, right now, I couldn’t do it. But with that purse
in my pocket--five thousand dollars--it wouldn’t be so hard! I want to do
that, Mr. Alton. I want to win that race, and then step up to you, and
say, ‘Sir, I want to marry your daughter!’”

Mr. Alton smiled. “From Jane’s conversation at home, which has just two
subjects--flyin’ and Ned--I’d suspected the situation.” He chuckled. “I’d
rather have a pilot for a son-in-law than anybody else, and of all the
pilots I know, you rate highest with me, Ned. Well, after you win that
race, and step up to me, and say your say, I’ll talk with you about it!”

“Thanks!”

Mr. Alton walked out of the hangar, havin’ said _his_ say to us--which was
plenty. For a few minutes I was stunned. Things was comin’ too fast for
me. That whole big plant, out there, was in danger of vanishin’. Those
peppy little Altons were in danger of eventually droppin’ out of the air.
Altons had been the subject of our talk and dreams for years, and if they
went--it would be worse than a death in the family. And yet, there the
whole matter was, flat up and lookin’ us in the face-- and all of us
swore, right then, that this Alton _had_ to win that race!

I turned and got to work on it--and how I began to work!

Somethin’ that happened behind me sounded a whole lot like a kiss.

“So!” said Jane Alton. “You think, do you, Ned Knight, that you’re goin’
to win me in a race as though I was a kewpie doll on a rack?”

“Why--”

“And if you don’t win the race, you won’t ask me to marry you at all?”

“Well, gosh!”

“Young man,” said Jane in her most business-like manner, “I have somethin’
to say to you--in private!”

She tugged him out of the hangar. Beyond the doors I could hear ’em
whisperin’. Then they moved away, and I didn’t see either of ’em again
that day--because I wasn’t lookin’ at anythin’ but that plane.

I worked on her like a maniac. I forgot lunch and dinner and kept workin’
on her till my arms were about ready to drop off. I wouldn’t let anybody
else touch her. I tested her everywhere, tuned her to the prettiest pitch
she could give, tightened her everywhere she would tighten. There wasn’t
any dingus on that plane that I overlooked. When I called a halt it was
after midnight.

Then I put blankets beside her, and tried to go to sleep; but I couldn’t
sleep. I had to get up and look her over again. Every half hour after that
I was up, to make sure I’d tested somethin’ that I thought I _might_ have
overlooked. I couldn’t stay away from that plane. Too much was dependin’
on it and the shape it was in.

And at last, as I was for the tenth time feelin’ over the control wires, I
saw light comin’ through the cracks of the door, and I knew it was
tomorrow.

The day of the Trans-state Air Derby had come!

                *       *       *       *       *

It was the day of days. All over the country, airplane makers had been
lookin’ forward to this day, and preparin’ for it. Every maker of light
planes was goin’ to be represented with the best job they could turn out.
A string of single-motored planes was goin’ to line up, every one ready to
do its best, and compete for the championship--and the competition was
goin’ to be murder! A big Commission was behind the project, directin’ it.
Newspapers all over the world were runnin’ notices of it, ’cause the
results were goin’ to be official; and the winner’s name was goin’ to be
written right into air history in big red letters.

There’d been guards outside the hangar all night; and when a knock came, I
opened the doors. Ned Knight, fresh and dapper, came in, bringin’ a early
mornin’ paper. He showed it to me. Splashed all over the front page was
big headlines: _Planes Ready For Big Cross Country Race!_ There below was
the list of makers: Alton, Stormbird, Zephyr, Lightning, Ranbros, Impco,
and all of ’em. And then the pilot’s name: Alton carryin’ Ben Benson and
piloted by Ned Knight. Stormbird carryin’ William Carson and piloted by--

“Good gosh, Ned!” I busted out. “That must be a misprint!”

“Nope, Benny; it must be true. Stormbird’s made a change in pilots at the
last minute.”

Right there in black and white it said that the pilot of the Stormbird
entry was goin’ to be Stud Walker! Stud Walker, the self-same crook that
we’d fired off the field--who had been in Stormbird pay, and jimmed our
plane! It was easy to see that Stormbird was usin’ him because Walker
would be hell-bent to beat us out, for our handlin’ of him. We were goin’
to have a real enemy flyin’ against us!

“Gosh!” I croaked. “Ned, we can sure count on Walker’s beatin’ us if he
possibly can. He’ll fly like a wild man to beat us!”

“I’m goin’ to do some flyin’ myself,” Ned came back. “Is the plane ready,
Benny? If it is, we’d better be gettin’ over the field. We’ve got to check
in and get lined up. Mr. Alton has drawn third place for us.”

“Third? Who’s second and first?”

“Impco is second.”

“And--?”

“Stormbird is first.”

“Hang it all! They’re gettin’ the breaks all around. I suppose it figures
out all right in the end, but-- I hate to have ’em leadin’ us at the very
start!”

“Benny, aren’t you goin to dress up? Those overalls of yours ’re dirty
enough to walk around by themselves.”

“I wouldn’t change ’em for a suit of ermine, Ned,” I answered. “They may
be dirty as mud, but I love ’em!”

Then, Ned tells me, we should be on our way. We roll the plane out, and
block her; Ned gets in, contacts her, and we pump the prop. She roars off,
higher and higher, and the engine begins to warm and sing a sweet song.
When she’s hot, she’s the sweetest soundin’ motor I ever heard. Grinnin’
all over our faces, Ned and I get set. She steps off down the field,
swings into the air, and away we go, for the startin’ field, as full of
hope as any man could be without bustin’.

Pretty soon the field slides into view. There’s a crowd pushin’ around on
it, and lined up, staggered in back of each other, are planes. We circle
and come down, and taxi smoothly across the field. Then we ground-loop
neatly, and come amblin’ back. Ned cuts the motor, and we hop out. For a
minute we’re busy registerin’, and then official greaseballs push the
plane into place, third in the line.

And there’s the Stormbird, our deadly opponent, with its nose ’way out in
front. As we come past it, the pilot comes away from it. It is Walker,
lookin’ uglier ’n ever, with gloatin’ eyes and crooked sneer. We give him
hard looks and want to go on, but he has somethin’ to say.

“Yesterday was your innin’, you hooters. Today is mine. I’m goin’ to fly
you off the map!”

“Not in that wash-tub!” I come back.

“Hush up, Benny!” Ned nudges me. “Walker, you’re takin’ all the joy out of
this race. We want to fly with real flyers, not with crooks. Depend on it,
man, we don’t intend to be beaten by dirty play. And if you fly square,
Walker-- you’ve only primed yourself for the lickin’ of your life!”

Walker glares a killin’ look at us, and cusses us out as we pass on.

Then there’s a squeal, and Jane Alton comes rushin’ around the line of
officials, followed by her Dad. She runs up to Ned and, right out in
public, gives him a big kiss. She talks fast as a whirlwind, bein’ all
jazzed up with excitement and hope. Her Dad just shakes us by the hand and
says:

“In a few minutes you’ll be off, boys. Remember--we’re goin’ to win.”

We promise him--our hearts in our throats. That big Stormbird looks like a
flyin’ devil to us and winnin’ won’t be a cinch for anybody.

Jane asks, breathless: “Ned, won’t you _please_ take me along?”

Ned laughs. “No, Jane. It can’t be done. I’m sorry.”

“Oh, please!” she begs.

And he chuckles again, “No!”

Mr. Alton closes in then for a confidential talk with Ned; and Jane, in a
minute, grabs my sleeve and pulls me a little bit aside.

“Benny, will you do somethin’ for me?”

“Jane,” I says, “All you’ve got to do is ask.”

She pulls me aside a little farther. “Would you do it for me, even if it
meant a lot to you?”

“Well, Jane,” I say, “I guess I can equal anybody so far as doin’ things
for you is concerned. You know that.”

She tugs me still farther, and we’re gettin’ close to the locker room.

“Benny,” she says then, “I want to fly in this race with Ned.”

I choke up at that unexpected request, but I might ’a’ known Jane would
’ve been dyin’ to get up in the air on this big occasion.

“Gosh, Jane!” I say. “We couldn’t stow you away. It’d overweight the plane
and hurt our chances to--”

“Oh, I don’t want to stowaway!” she says. “I want you to let me take your
place!”

Oh, boy! She was askin’ the impossible. There she was, with her implorin’
blue eyes close to mine, eyes shinin’ with hope and fire, and beggin’ me,
beggin’ me. No, sir, I couldn’t let her do that--but there she was, a girl
I just couldn’t refuse if she’d asked for my life. Lettin’ her go up in my
place would be a crazy thing to do, but she kept beggin’ me with little
pleases and won’t-yous, and Bennies, spoken soft like, and--Lord!

“If you let me get into your coveralls, and helmet and goggles, nobody’ll
ever know the diff’rence!” she said.

“Jane, please don’t go beggin’ me!” I begged her. “It ain’t fair to me. I
can’t resist you any more ’n the tail of a plane can resist the prop. You
know Ned would blow up if he heard of it, and your Dad--and Lord!”

“Benny, it’s the only thing I’ve ever asked of you; and it means more to
me than anything else in the world right now. I’ve _got_ to fly in that
race--_got_ to. Benny--Benny--please!”

“Oh, Lord!”

“All you’d have to do is slip into that private locker and take off those
overalls, and then stay out of sight. I’d just get in ’em, and climb into
the plane, and stay there. Benny--please?”

“You can’t do any good up there--”

“Don’t you know that Ned will fly worlds better if I’m along with him? And
you want us to win, don’t you?”

“Oh, Lord!” I said. “Well--here goes!”

Right then she flung her arms around my neck, hugged me close, and kissed
me one, two, three times right on the lips, and said, “Oh, Benny!” And
after that I wasn’t nearly in my right mind. I dived into the locker, shed
my overalls, and eased out again. With one last look at her, I dived into
the crowd and lost myself.

Jane hurried into the locker, and in a minute she was out, in my coveralls
and helmet and goggles. I could hardly believe my eyes, she looked so much
like me! It was sure astonishin’. She eased back toward the planes, just
when a guy in a megaphone was shoutin’ the last warnin’. Jane walked right
past Ned and Mr. Alton and made for the plane.

“I’ve got to get into the ship!” Ned said. “Say, where’s Jane? Ain’t she
goin’ to wish me good luck?”

They looked around for her, while she was within ten feet of ’em.

“Say, Benny, have you seen Jane?” Ned hollered at her; and she wags her
head: no!

The last minute is gone; and Ned is forced to his plane. Jane was already
in when he got there; he climbs in, not givin’ her any special notice.
There is a poppin’ and roarin’ of motors all around, up and down the line.
Greaseballs turn the Alton over, and she sings a sweet tune. The whole
line-up is stirrin’ up a tornado when _bang!_ a shot-gun goes off--which
means the race is started!

The Stormbird tears off like a maniac, lifts, climbs steady, and then
deadheads on. Thirty seconds pass, forty, fifty, sixty. Then, _bango!_ the
gun goes off again, and the Imp plane stretches itself out across the
sand. It lifts, roars, pulls on, and flies in the wake of the Stormbird.

Ned Knight bends to his stick and glues his eyes to the instrument. The
seconds are tickin’ off. Forty--fifty--sixty! _Whacko!_ The gun! Ned
stomps on the gas. Away goes the Alton. It takes off quick, climbs fast
and, roarin’ high, plows into the sky.

And I, back on the field, watch it go with tears in my eyes!

One by one, at sixty-second intervals, the planes take off, and soon
they’re parading along the sky, and trailin’ out of sight. Once they’re
gone, there is nothin’ to do but wait for reports along the way. The crowd
lingers, and I avoid Mr. Alton. He goes to his car; I just float around.
What’s happenin’ to Ned and Jane now, I wonder? What’s goin to happen to
’em as they drive across half a dozen states. Are they goin’ to pull onto
Long Island and get down to Curtiss first? Oh, Lord!

Well, plenty happened in that plane on the way, and this is what!

Ned Knight concentrated on his controls as he had never concentrated
before. In the back seat Jane just sat and enjoyed herself. Little by
little the Alton went up to her top speed. With the throttle gradually
opened, she tore through the sky screaming. With the wires shrieking, the
struts rattling, the whole plane trembling and throbbing, it roared on its
way, hell-bent for victory.

The string of planes kept goin’ across the sky spaced like they were at
the take off for a while. At the Ohio line one of them began to drop, and
took to the ground, disabled, and disqualified, ’cause the race was a
non-stop affair. Another one soon followed. Others began to draw back a
little, and still others drove ahead a little. And while Ned was strivin’
to pass the Impco and reach the Stormbird, Jane removed her helmet and
goggles, and then reached forward and gently tapped his shoulder.

Ned looked back; for a minute he thought he was dreamin’. Then he shouted
something that was lost in the thunder of the motors, and bored on. He
couldn’t snap off the ignition a minute; ’t would slow the plane. Jane
smiled at him, still enjoyin’ every minute; and then he looked back again,
and grinned. He’d caught onto the joy of the thing and then Jane was
satisfied.

Ned bent to his controls again, for the Impco was slippin’ closer. It
wasn’t bearin’ up under the continued, terrific strain. Ned grasped the
opportunity and kept the throttle wide open. Bit by bit the Impco slid
back, and Ned gave it a wide berth. Slowly, but surely, the Alton
advanced. For miles the planes bobbed side by side; and then the Alton
crept forward, inch by inch, until it was leadin’.

Jane gaily waved at the Impco pilot and threw him a couple of kisses!

The Alton bored on, and Ned concentrated on the Stormbird. It was still
thundering on, a strong ship, much better than the Imp, perhaps equal to
ours--perhaps even better! Ned kept the throttle wide; and Jane settled
down to the serious business of takin’ the lead.

The earth was bobbin’ below the planes, slidin’ by gentle but fast; one
town and another came into view and disappeared. And then the Alton began
to wobble. The motor roared up and down. Ned was actin’ funny with the
controls. Jane watched him close; and then she saw Ned’s head bob, and his
shoulders slide forward. Just then the ship began to dive and lose speed.

“Ned!” Jane screeched, grabbing his shoulder and shakin’ him. “What’s the
matter?”

He pulled himself together some, looked around; and in his eyes was a
dreamy, sick look. Jane shook him again; but he acted almost drunk. His
lips mumbled words that were lost in the motor’s roar; but Jane knew that
something was very much wrong with him.

The ship was losin’ speed; the Stormbird was leading by a long distance;
and even the Imp was drawing close again. Jane didn’t wait for any more
trouble. She unsnapped her safety belt and, calm as you please, put one
leg across and into the fore pit. Then she pulled forward, and came into
the pit with Ned. She crammed herself down into and on him, and grabbed
the stick. Ned’s feet were loose on the rudder-bars, but the stabilizer
kept the plane on an even keel without much help from the controls.

Jane shook Ned again; and he was conkin’ out fast. He pulled off one glove
and looked at his right hand. It was red and swole up, and across it was a
red streak, a scratch. He looked up with eyes full of pitiful request for
help, and tried to talk. Jane was desperate; she cut the switch to hear
him.

“Sick,” he mumbled. “Scratch--somebody on field. Bumped against me. Must
be--poisoned. Oh,--I can’t--go on----”

And he slumped forward in the pit. Jane snapped on the ignition, kept the
stick steady, pulled Ned back up, and pleaded in his ear.

“Try, Ned! Try to get up! Try to get back into the other pit. I’ll handle
the stick. You get back--try! Please try!”

Sick as he was, he tried. He dragged himself up and tottered in the air,
while Jane assisted all she could. Then Ned tumbled into the rear pit,
half on the seat, and without makin’ a move to get up, passed out
completely.

Jane settled to the controls with all the fire she had--which was plenty!
She snapped on the ignition and opened the throttle wide as she could. The
motor blasted. The plane almost jumped ahead. The Imp, which was almost
nose to nose with the Alton again, gradually dropped back. There was the
Stormbird, far ahead. Jane fixed her blue eyes on that plane, and kept the
throttle open, and prayed.

She didn’t understand perfectly then what had happened to Ned. It was
this: while he was on the field, talkin’ with Alton--while Jane was
talkin’ with me, private!--somebody brushed past him, and then Ned
discovered a scratch on his hand, lookin’ like it was made by a pin. He
thought nothin’ of it, but that scratch was full of a drug. What it was we
don’t know yet, but it was powerful, and without the shadow of a doubt it
had been used by somebody in the Stormbird people’s pay--somebody,
probably at Stud Walker’s behest. The object was to put the Alton out of
the race by cripplin’ its pilot--and, if it hadn’t been for Jane, the
trick would have succeeded! But with Jane at the stick, it was far from
succeedin’!

Jane stretched that ship to the limit. The Imp bobbed far behind.
Territory unreeled under her. The Stormbird loomed large again. Both ships
were goin’ their limit. The race settled down to a question of which ship
had the more speed and power and stamina, and the victor would be decided
by a very narrow margin. Jane kept the throttle wide, and waited for the
Alton to do its stuff--and it did.

Slowly she drew up. She kept the Alton on a level with the Stormbird’s
tail for a hundred miles. Then slowly the differences in the ships began
to tell. The Alton crept up. An inch. Another inch. Another inch--forward
always, at a mad airspeed, the motor blasting like a demon loose out of
hell, the whole ship shaking, the wires screaming. The earth spun and
veered. Another inch--another. Little by little the Alton crept up on the
Stormbird until, prop even with prop, they drove ahead without either
gainin’ a mite.

Once again the Stormbird began to slip back; and Jane--yes!--tossed Mr.
Stud Walker an ironic kiss!

Jane kept that ship howlin’. On she went. On. The skies began to darken.
The air got a little bumpy. The visibility dropped. The exhaust tubes of
the planes, white-hot, spouted orange fire. And Jane drove on. Little by
little, again, the Alton took its margin of lead.

What was that? Water! Long Island Sound! Only a few miles away was the
finish field!

Jane kept the plane drivin’. The Stormbird howled on the Alton’s tail.
Both planes were crazy flyin’ things--crazy.

Then the field, the big square! Closer and closer! Jane stepped down to
it, slowin’ as little as possible. Down she swooped, and the ground swung
up at her. She felt the trucks touch. She zipped across the sand; she
ground looped; she trundled back. And as she came to a stop, and the crowd
started for her, the Stormbird dropped out of the sky.

Jane jumped out of her plane. She knew Ned wasn’t seriously hurt, but he
needed help, and to the first man she saw she shouted: “Get a doctor!”
Then, with reporters mobbin’ her, she just smiled, gave her name and that
of the plane, and waited until a fat man with an official badge, head of
the Committee, came up to her. Then she said pertly:

“Well, I guess I won, didn’t I?”

The Committeeman was flabbergasted. He hadn’t expected to see a girl.
Reporters were yowlin’ for Jane’s name, and facts about her, knowin’ that
a girl hadn’t been scheduled to pilot the Alton, and sensin’ a big story.
The Committeeman muffed a few words, not knowin’ what to do or say, but
seein’ plain enough that she had got to the field first.

Then a man in leather tunic and with goggle-prints around his eyes came
pushin’ through the crowd, with four other Committeemen, all lookin’
indignant and outraged. That guy was Walker--Walker was howlin’.

“There she is!” he yelped. “This race is bein’ run on the square, ain’t
it? Well, you can’t rate her winner. She isn’t the pilot that belongs to
that ship. Her name is Alton--the pilot registered for this plane is named
Knight!”

The Committeeman got red-faced and mad and still more dignified. They
waved a hand for silence and bellowed to the reporters, after a hot and
fast conference among themselves:

“The Alton is not the winner of this race. The Alton is not the winner! It
is disqualified because of irregularities. The official winner of the race
is the Stormbird, with Walker pilotin’!”

“Just a minute!” Jane spoke up, pert and clear. “Where are the
irregularities? The Alton has come through clean, without any. The pilot
of this ship is supposed to be Knight, and it wins the race because _my
name is_ Knight!”

That’s a poser.

“I intended to fly this ship all along!” Jane declared. “And I win the
race--”

“Your name is Knight?” the Committeemen demanded in one big voice.

“Yes, indeed,” said Jane. “Mrs. Ned Knight. It has been that since last
evenin’. So there!”

                *       *       *       *       *

Whenever I see Jane comin’ onto the testin’ field of the big, boomin’,
prosperous Alton factory, to take a little sky-spin with her husband, I
size her up and sigh and tell myself all over again that that girl sure
looks right in a flyin’ suit!

                                THE END


[Transcriber’s Note: This story appeared in the August 1928 issue of
Adventure magazine.]





*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK PLANE JANE ***


    

Updated editions will replace the previous one—the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg™ electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG™
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for an eBook, except by following
the terms of the trademark license, including paying royalties for use
of the Project Gutenberg trademark. If you do not charge anything for
copies of this eBook, complying with the trademark license is very
easy. You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation
of derivative works, reports, performances and research. Project
Gutenberg eBooks may be modified and printed and given away—you may
do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks not protected
by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the trademark
license, especially commercial redistribution.


START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE

PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase “Project
Gutenberg”), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg™ License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg™
electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg™
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg™ electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person
or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.

1.B. “Project Gutenberg” is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg™ electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg™ electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg™
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation (“the
Foundation” or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg™
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg™ name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg™ License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg™ work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country other than the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg™ License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg™ work (any work
on which the phrase “Project Gutenberg” appears, or with which the
phrase “Project Gutenberg” is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

    This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most
    other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
    whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
    of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online
    at www.gutenberg.org. If you
    are not located in the United States, you will have to check the laws
    of the country where you are located before using this eBook.
  
1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg™ electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase “Project
Gutenberg” associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg™
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg™ electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg™ License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg™
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg™.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg™ License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg™ work in a format
other than “Plain Vanilla ASCII” or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg™ website
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original “Plain
Vanilla ASCII” or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg™ License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg™ works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg™ electronic works
provided that:

    • You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
        the use of Project Gutenberg™ works calculated using the method
        you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
        to the owner of the Project Gutenberg™ trademark, but he has
        agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
        Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
        within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
        legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
        payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
        Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
        Section 4, “Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
        Literary Archive Foundation.”
    
    • You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
        you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
        does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg™
        License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
        copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
        all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg™
        works.
    
    • You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
        any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
        electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
        receipt of the work.
    
    • You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
        distribution of Project Gutenberg™ works.
    

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg™ electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the manager of
the Project Gutenberg™ trademark. Contact the Foundation as set
forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg™ collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg™
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain “Defects,” such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the “Right
of Replacement or Refund” described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg™ trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg™ electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you ‘AS-IS’, WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg™
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg™ work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg™ work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg™

Project Gutenberg™ is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg™’s
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg™ collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg™ and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at www.gutenberg.org.

Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non-profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation’s EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state’s laws.

The Foundation’s business office is located at 809 North 1500 West,
Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up
to date contact information can be found at the Foundation’s website
and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

f the eleven stories in this book, seven now appear for the first time. For permission to reprint “Sir Franklin and the Little Mothers,” I have to thank Messrs. Bradbury, Agnew & Co.; and Messrs. George Allen & Sons allow me to include “The Miss Bannisters’ Brother.” “The Monkey’s Revenge” was printed first in Messrs. Dent’s Christmas Treasury, and “The Anti-burglars” in The Woman at Home for December 1902. The motive of the title story was given to me by Mrs. Charles Bryant, and that of “The Ring of Fortitude” by Mrs. W. M. Meredith. The[vi] suggestion as to organs and street cries in “The Notice-Board” was made to me by Oxford’s Professor of Poetry. The autobiographies of coins, I might add, are a commonplace in old books for children; but one is at liberty, I think, to adapt the idea to one’s own time without being guilty of very serious want of originality.

Once upon a time there was a little girl named Anne Wilbraham Bayes, Wilbraham being after her grandfather on the mother’s side, a very clever gentleman living at Great Malvern, and writing books on Roman history, who has, however, nothing whatever to do with this story. This story is about Anne and her perfectly appalling good nature.

Where Anne’s good nature came from no one ever could guess, for her father had little enough, always insisting on silence at breakfast while he read the paper and ate the biggest egg; and her mother had little enough, too, never seeing her children without being reminded of something[4] which she wanted from the top left-hand drawer in her bedroom; while Anne’s brothers and sisters had so little that they always forced Anne to be the one who should go on these boring errands. And so far as I have been able to discover, none of Anne’s grandparents were particularly good-natured either, for old Mr. Bayes had a barbed-wire fence all round his estate in west Surrey, near Farnborough, and old Mrs. Bayes would not allow any fruit to be picked except by the gardeners; while old Mr. Wilbraham, in consequence of writing his Roman history all day long, insisted on perfect quietness, so that whenever the children were at Great Malvern they had to play only at those games with no noise in them, which are hardly worth calling games at all; and as for old Mrs. Wilbraham, she was dead. It looks, therefore, very much as if Anne either inherited her wonderful and embarrassing good nature from a distant ancestor too far back[5] to be inquired into, or that it was a totally new kind, beginning with herself. For she would do the most dreadful things—things to make the hair of ordinarily good-natured people stand on end.

For instance, this is what she did once. She heard her mother complain to a visitor one January afternoon that there were no flowers in the garden at that time of year, and it made the view from the sitting-room window very depressing. After lying awake most of the night thinking how she might improve this view and make it more cheerful for her mother’s eyes, Anne got up very early, while it was still dark, and went to the conservatory, and chose from it by candlelight a number of gay flowers, and these she carefully planted in the bed just in front of her mother’s window. It was raining a little, and bitterly cold, and Anne’s fingers became numb, and her feet like stones, and her nose pink, but she went right through[6] with it without faltering until the bed was as gay as summer.

That was good nature, if you like, but no one seemed to think so. Mrs. Bayes, when she looked out of the window, instead of being cheered, screamed out “Oh!” and sent for her smelling salts, and then became quite tearful over the ruin of her pet geraniums, freesias, carnations, cyclamens, and genistas. Mr. Bayes was perfectly furious, and said so several times in different ways, each more cutting than the last; while Anne’s brothers and sisters thought it the greatest joke against Anne possible.

“You didn’t really think they’d live, did you?” they asked her. “How absolutely dotty!”

Directly after breakfast the gardener dug them all up again and put them back in their hot-house pots. Anne was not punished for her folly in any other way than by want of appreciation; but if anyone[7] had seen her crying by herself in her bedroom they might have thought that she had been.

However, when Valentine’s Day came round, which was about three weeks later, and all the little Bayeses found a parcel on their plates at breakfast—their Aunt Margaret being one of those few eccentric persons left who remember St. Valentine’s Day—Anne’s package was found to be twice as good as any of the others, containing as it did not only the ordinary present, but a gold bangle as well, with a little piece of blue turquoise hanging from it (from Liberty’s probably), and this inscription on a tiny label: “From St. Valentine to the little girl who tried to make her mother’s garden bright in winter and was only laughed at and chidden for her pains.”

So Anne really scored, you see; but, of course, it was a ridiculous thing to do, wasn’t it? Just think of supposing that[8] hot-house flowers would grow out of doors in January! It shows how perfectly absurd Anne’s good nature could be.

That is one case. Now I will tell you of another.

One day the whole Bayes family were going to London—they lived near Leatherhead—for the day. They were going to Cousin Alice’s wedding in the morning, and afterwards to the Hippodrome matinée. Marceline, it is true, was not there any longer, but it was a wonderful programme, Mr. Bayes said, and they were all immensely excited. Besides, they had bunches of flowers to throw at the bride, rice having now gone out on account of its being dangerous for the eyes and very smartful generally.

The train was full, but Mr. Bayes, by mentioning the fact overnight, had had a third-class compartment guarded for him by a porter, and into this they all climbed: Mr. Bayes, Mrs. Bayes, Arthur Lloyd[9] Bayes, Gerald Gilmer Bayes, Marion Lease Bayes, Meta Cleghorn Bayes, and Anne Wilbraham Bayes. There were also two friends from Leatherhead who knew Cousin Alice, making nine in all.

Anne sat next the window, on the platform side.

All went well until the train drew up at the next station, but there an unfortunate thing happened. Scores of people were waiting to get in, and they began to push round the third-class carriage doors. Several came to the Bayeses’ compartment, but, seeing that it was all one family in their best clothes, they had consideration and passed on.

Gradually every one found a seat, either in the thirds or the seconds, and even the first—all except a poor shabby old woman in a shawl, with a big basket, who tottered piteously up and down trying in vain to find a place. Anne saw her pass and peer into their carriage with an anxious and[10] even tearful look, but Mr. Bayes frowned so forbiddingly that she hurried on.

At this moment Anne’s terrible good nature overpowered her, and she leaned out of the window and cried invitingly: “Come in here—quick! There’s room for one.”

“Nonsense,” said Mr. Bayes; “it’s full.”

“Oh no,” said Anne—“look! It says, ‘To seat five persons on each side,’ and we’re only nine altogether. Come in here,” she cried again to the old woman.

“But she’s dirty,” said Mrs. Bayes; “she’ll spoil your frocks.”

“Very likely got something catching,” said Mr. Bayes.

“What a rotter you are, Anne!” said the others.

But meanwhile a porter had opened the door and pushed the old woman in. Anne stood up to give her her place; the others moved to the other end; and Mr. Bayes,[11] who, after all, was a very good father and exceedingly keen about health, let down the window with a bang and hid behind his paper.

“I’m sure,” said the old woman to Anne, “I’m very much obliged to you, missy.”

She got out at the next station, and as she did so she handed Anne a little paper article from her basket, for she was a pedlar, and said it was a present for her for being so good-natured; and so saying she hobbled off, and Mr. Bayes blew hard through his lips, as if he had come up from a long dive, and Mrs. Bayes made the children smell at her salts.

When Anne looked at her present she found it was a halfpenny row of pins, and this made every one laugh and quite happy again. Anne put them in her pocket and laughed too, although how she could find it in her heart to laugh, after ruining the railway journey like that by her unfortunate[12] trick of good nature, I can’t think.

The wedding was a great success until Cousin Alice, the bride—and a very pretty bride too—was coming down the aisle on Captain Vernon’s arm (and the Captain looked every inch a soldier, and had across his forehead the nicest brown line, which he had brought back with him from Egypt, where he had been on duty before he hurried home to marry Cousin Alice); all went well until a silly boy, in his desire to cross the church and get to the door first and begin to throw confetti, stepped on Cousin Alice’s beautiful white satin train and tore a yard or two nearly off.

She was as sweet about it as only Cousin Alice could be, but she stopped and picked it up, and looked round imploringly for help. And then happened that which I need hardly tell you, for you have guessed it already. The only person that had any pins was Anne, who stepped out of her[13] pew and handed her little halfpenny row to Captain Vernon; and there and then, several people helping, the beautiful white satin train was made all right again, at least for the time being, and the bride and bridegroom walked on, smiling to right and left, and ducked their heads outside as the flowers and confetti rained on them, and got into the brougham, and the coach-man cracked his whip with the white rosette on it, and they were driven to Uncle Maurice’s house, where Cousin Alice used to live, but where she would now live no more.

After a while the Bayes family, with many other guests, arrived there too, to stay for a few minutes to see the presents and say good-bye to the bride. It was a morning wedding, because they were going on a very long journey.

When Anne came at last face to face with Cousin Alice and Captain Vernon, Captain Vernon, who had suddenly become Cousin[14] Phil, took out of his pocket a piece of money, and, holding it tight in his hand, said to Anne: “I owe you this.”

“Oh no,” said Anne, “you don’t. How could you?”

“How could I?” said Cousin Phil. “Why, I bought a row of pins from you this morning.”

“Oh no!” said Anne again. “I was very glad to have them for Cousin Alice to use.”

“You may say what you like, Anne,” said Cousin Phil, “but I consider that you sold them to me, and I intend to pay for them; and here you are, and you shall give me a receipt for it.” And so saying, he stooped down, and Anne kissed him, and he kissed Anne; and then Cousin Alice kissed Anne and Anne kissed Cousin Alice; and then other people pressed forward and Anne walked away. And when she looked at the piece of money in her hand it was a sovereign.

[15]All’s well that ends well, says Shakespeare, but of course it was very unwise and very unnecessary of Anne to have leaned out of the window of that nice clean family compartment and invited into it a dirty old pedlar woman, even if she was very infirm and unhappy and there was no room anywhere else. We must, as Mr. Bayes remarked on the way home—his words not very clear by reason of his eating all the time one of the chocolate creams which Anne had bought with part of her sovereign for the family at the Hippodrome. “We must,” said Mr. Bayes—and the others all agreed with him—“we must, dear Anne, be a little careful how we exercise even so amiable a quality as kindness of heart. I am very glad to see you always so ready to be nice and helpful to others, but your brain has been given you to a large extent to control your impulses. Never forget that.”

[16]Here Mr. Bayes took another chocolate, and very soon afterwards their station was reached.

But did Anne profit by her father’s excellent advice? We shall soon see, for now I come to the worst adventure into which her terrible good nature has ever led her.

You must know that the Bayeses were not rich, although they had rich relations and really never wanted for anything. But they lived on as little as possible, and on two or three mornings every week Mr. Bayes, after reading his letters, would remark that all his investments were going wrong and they would soon be in the workhouse. That was, of course, only his way; but they could not have many treats, or many visitors, and it caused them to look with very longing eyes on the young Calderons, the children of the gentleman that had taken the Hall, the great house near by, for August and[17] September, who used to gallop by on their ponies, and play golf and cricket in their park, and who never seemed to want for anything.

To know the Calderon family was the Bayeses’ great desire, but their mother explained that it would not be right to call on strangers staying for so short a time, and nothing therefore could be done: which was particularly trying because, owing to the absence of something called dividends, the visit to Sea View, said Mr. Bayes, was this year an impossibility.

Such was the state of affairs on the morning of August 21, when Anne was working in her garden just under the wall which separated Mr. Bayes’s property from the high road. She was steadily pulling up weeds after the rain, and thinking how nice the sun made the earth smell, when she heard the beating of hoofs, and the scrunching of wheels on the road,[18] and a murmur of happy voices young and old. And then she heard a man’s voice call out “Stop!” and the horses were pulled up.

“What is it, father?” she heard a girl’s voice say.

And then the man’s voice replied, “We shall have to go back. I’ve just remembered that no cups and saucers were put in.”

“Oh no, don’t let’s go back,” said one child’s voice after another. “It’s so hot, and it doesn’t really matter. We can drink out of the glasses.”

“No,” said the father’s voice again, “we must go back. You forget that the Richardsons are going to meet us there, and they will want tea and want it properly served. We must have at least six cups and saucers. Turn round, John!”
